{"pred": " The report discusses multiyear procurement (MYP) and block buy contracting (BBC) as special contracting mechanisms used by the Department of Defense (DOD) to potentially reduce weapon procurement costs. It highlights the differences between MYP and BBC, their potential savings, and the considerations for Congress in deciding their future use. The report also addresses the Coast Guard's potential use of these mechanisms and the challenges in measuring actual savings. Key points include the need for congressional approval, the impact on flexibility, and the importance of stable designs and funding for successful implementation.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines multiyear procurement (MYP) and block buy contracting (BBC) as specialized contracting mechanisms authorized by Congress for the Department of Defense (DOD) to potentially reduce weapon procurement costs. MYP allows DOD to use a single contract for up to five years of procurement, while BBC enables multiyear contracts without the need for annual options, though it lacks a permanent governing statute. Both mechanisms aim to lower costs through contractor workforce optimization and bulk purchasing of components, but savings vary and are difficult to measure due to external factors. Congress must decide whether to increase, decrease, or maintain current usage of MYP and BBC, considering their impact on flexibility and savings. The report also suggests expanding these mechanisms to the Coast Guard, which currently uses less effective contracts with options. Challenges include demonstrating stable designs, ensuring funding, and balancing flexibility with cost savings.", "answers": ["Multiyear procurement (MYP) and block buy contracting (BBC) are special contracting mechanisms that Congress permits the Department of Defense (DOD) to use for a limited number of defense acquisition programs. Compared to the standard or default approach of annual contracting, MYP and BBC have the potential for reducing weapon procurement costs by a few or several percent. Under annual contracting, DOD uses one or more contracts for each year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item. Under MYP, DOD instead uses a single contract for two to five years' worth of procurement of a given kind of item without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. DOD needs congressional approval for each use of MYP. There is a permanent statute governing MYP contracting—10 U.S.C. 2306b. Under this statute, a program must meet several criteria to qualify for MYP. Compared with estimated costs under annual contracting, estimated savings for programs being proposed for MYP have ranged from less than 5% to more than 15%, depending on the particulars of the program in question, with many estimates falling in the range of 5% to 10%. In practice, actual savings from using MYP rather than annual contracting can be difficult to observe or verify because of cost growth during the execution of the contract due to changes in the program independent of the use of MYP rather than annual contracting. BBC is similar to MYP in that it permits DOD to use a single contract for more than one year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. BBC is also similar to MYP in that DOD needs congressional approval for each use of BBC. BBC differs from MYP in the following ways: There is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC. There is no requirement that BBC be approved in both a DOD appropriations act and an act other than a DOD appropriations act. Programs being considered for BBC do not need to meet any legal criteria to qualify for BBC, because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that establishes such criteria. A BBC contract can cover more than five years of planned procurements. Economic order quantity (EOQ) authority—the authority to bring forward selected key components of the items to be procured under the contract and purchase the components in batch form during the first year or two of the contract—does not come automatically as part of BBC authority because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that includes EOQ authority as an automatic feature. BBC contracts are less likely to include cancellation penalties. Potential issues for Congress concerning MYP and BBC include whether to use MYP and BBC in the future more frequently, less frequently, or about as frequently as they are currently used; whether to create a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC, analogous to the permanent statute that governs the use of MYP; and whether the Coast Guard should begin making use of MYP and BBC."], "length": 53488, "E2E_time": 6.90149601129815, "context_token": 11007}
{"pred": " The report examines the sustainment challenges and operating costs of selected Air Force and Navy fixed-wing aircraft. It highlights that while the Air Force and Navy have strategies to manage these aircraft, many face issues like aging, maintenance delays, and supply shortages, leading to decreased availability and increased costs. The report also notes that DOD and Navy guidance on sustainment strategies for legacy systems is unclear, which could hinder effective management. Recommendations include clarifying policies to ensure all weapon systems, including legacy ones, have updated sustainment strategies.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the sustainment challenges and operating costs of selected Air Force and Navy fixed-wing aircraft, revealing that despite existing strategies, many aircraft face issues such as aging, maintenance delays, and supply shortages. These challenges have led to decreased availability and increased operating costs. The report also points out that Department of Defense (DOD) and Navy guidance on sustainment strategies for legacy systems is unclear, potentially hindering effective management. Key recommendations include clarifying policies to ensure all weapon systems, including legacy ones, have updated sustainment strategies.", "answers": ["DOD spends billions of dollars annually to sustain its weapon systems to support current and future operations. The Air Force and Navy are operating many of their fixed-wing aircraft well beyond their original designed service lives and therefore are confronted with sustainment challenges. House Report 114-537 included a provision for GAO to evaluate the sustainment of major weapon systems. This report, among other things, (1) examines the trends in availability and O&S costs for selected Air Force and Navy fixed-wing aircraft since fiscal year 2011, including whether they met availability goals, and (2) assesses the extent that the departments documented sustainment strategies, reviewed sustainment metrics, and implemented plans to improve aircraft availability. GAO selected a nongeneralizable sample of 12 fixed-wing aircraft by considering a variety of factors, such as the type, age, and manufacturer of the aircraft, among other factors, and analyzed condition and availability data, O&S costs, and sustainment challenges from fiscal year 2011 through March 2017 for each aircraft in a “Sustainment Quick Look.” GAO also analyzed policies, strategies, and plans, and interviewed Navy and Air Force officials in program offices, squadrons, and maintenance depots. Between fiscal years 2011 and 2016, the Air Force and Navy generally did not meet aircraft availability goals, and operating and support (O&S) cost trends for GAO's selected fixed-wing aircraft varied. Specifically, GAO found that availability declined for 6 of 12 aircraft—3 from each service—between fiscal years 2011 and 2016; availability fell short of goals for 9 of 12 aircraft in fiscal year 2016; and O&S costs increased for 5 of the aircraft, and maintenance costs—the largest share—increased for 8 of 12 aircraft. GAO found, and officials agreed, that these aircraft face similar challenges. a Obsolescence means a part is unavailable due to its lack of usefulness or it is no longer current or available for production. b Diminishing manufacturing sources is a loss or impending loss of manufacturers or suppliers. The Air Force and Navy have documented sustainment strategies for some aircraft, regularly reviewed sustainment metrics, and implemented improvement plans. The Air Force has documented sustainment strategies for all aircraft GAO reviewed; however, the Navy has not documented or updated its sustainment strategies for four aircraft. Specifically, the Navy does not have a documented sustainment strategy for the C-2A, and has not updated the strategies for the E2C, EA-18G, and F/A-18A-D since before 2012. The Navy is in the process of documenting its strategies, but Department of Defense (DOD) policy is unclear on whether a sustainment strategy is required and has to be updated every 5 years for weapon systems that are in the operations and support phase of their life cycle (i.e., legacy systems). Also, Navy guidance does not specify a requirement for legacy systems, although Air Force guidance does. Clarifying the requirements to document sustainment strategies for legacy systems, and documenting those strategies, would add additional visibility over the availability and O&S costs of DOD aircraft and any associated sustainment risks. This is a public version of a sensitive report issued in April 2018. Information on aircraft availability and other related information was deemed to be sensitive and has been omitted from this report. GAO is recommending that DOD and the Navy update or issue new policy and guidance clarifying the requirements for documenting sustainment strategies for legacy weapon systems. DOD concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 81966, "E2E_time": 7.715131883043796, "context_token": 16800}
{"pred": " The report examines the use of financial rewards by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to combat wildlife trafficking. It highlights the challenges faced by these agencies in effectively utilizing rewards, including insufficient tracking of reward payments, lack of comprehensive policies, limited public communication about reward opportunities, and the absence of reviews to assess the effectiveness of reward programs. The report also identifies potential improvements, such as enhancing policies, increasing public awareness, and conducting effectiveness reviews, to better leverage financial rewards as a tool against wildlife trafficking.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the use of financial rewards by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to combat wildlife trafficking. It outlines the challenges these agencies face in effectively utilizing rewards, including inadequate tracking of reward payments, insufficient policies, limited public communication about reward opportunities, and the lack of reviews to assess program effectiveness. The report suggests improvements such as enhancing policies, increasing public awareness, and conducting effectiveness reviews to better utilize financial rewards in combating wildlife trafficking.", "answers": ["Wildlife trafficking—the poaching and illegal trade of plants, fish, and wildlife—is a multibillion-dollar, global criminal activity that imperils thousands of species. FWS and NOAA enforce laws prohibiting wildlife trafficking that authorize the agencies to pay financial rewards for information about such illegal activities. GAO was asked to review FWS's and NOAA's use of financial rewards to combat wildlife trafficking. This report examines (1) laws that authorize FWS and NOAA to pay rewards for information on wildlife trafficking and the extent to which the agencies paid such rewards from fiscal years 2007 through 2017, (2) the agencies' reward policies, (3) information available to the public on rewards, and (4) the extent to which the agencies reviewed the effectiveness of their use of rewards. GAO reviewed laws, examined FWS and NOAA policies and public communications on rewards, analyzed agency reward data for fiscal years 2007 through 2017 and assessed their reliability, interviewed FWS and NOAA officials, and compared agency policies and public communications on rewards to federal internal control standards. Multiple laws—such as the Endangered Species Act and Lacey Act—authorize the Departments of the Interior's U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to pay rewards for information on wildlife trafficking. FWS and NOAA reported paying few rewards from fiscal years 2007 through 2017. Specifically, the agencies collectively reported paying 27 rewards, totaling $205,500. Agency officials said that the information was complete to the best of their knowledge but could not sufficiently assure that this information represented all of their reward payments. FWS and NOAA have reward policies that outline the general process for preparing reward proposals, but FWS's policy does not specify factors for its agents to consider when developing proposed reward amounts. Some FWS agents GAO interviewed said that in developing proposals, they did not know whether their proposed reward amounts were enough, too little, or too much. By augmenting its policy to specify factors for agents to consider, FWS can better ensure that its agents have the necessary quality information to prepare proposed reward amounts, consistent with federal internal control standards. FWS and NOAA communicate little information to the public on rewards. For example, most agency websites did not indicate that providing information on wildlife trafficking could qualify for a reward. This is inconsistent with federal standards that call for management to communicate quality information so that external parties can help achieve agency objectives. FWS and NOAA officials said they have not communicated general reward information because of workload concerns, but they said it may be reasonable to provide more information in some instances. By developing plans to communicate more reward information to the public, the agencies can improve their chances of obtaining information on wildlife trafficking that they otherwise might not receive. FWS and NOAA have not reviewed the effectiveness of their use of rewards. The agencies have not done so because using rewards has generally not been a priority. FWS and NOAA officials agreed that such a review would be worthwhile but provided no plans for doing so. By reviewing the effectiveness of their use of rewards, FWS and NOAA can identify opportunities to improve the usefulness of rewards as a tool for combating wildlife trafficking. GAO is making seven recommendations, including that FWS and NOAA track reward information, FWS augment its reward policy to specify factors for agents to consider when developing proposed reward amounts, FWS and NOAA develop plans to communicate more reward information to the public, and FWS and NOAA review the effectiveness of their reward use. Both agencies concurred with these recommendations."], "length": 53849, "E2E_time": 5.609496497083455, "context_token": 9742}
{"pred": " The report discusses the importance of cross-border data flows in the global economy, highlighting their role in facilitating international trade, commerce, and innovation. It also addresses concerns related to data security and privacy, emphasizing the need for balanced policies that protect individual privacy while maintaining open data flows. The report reviews various international efforts, such as the EU's GDPR, the APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules, and ongoing trade agreements like the USMCA, to establish frameworks that promote data privacy and interoperability. It concludes by suggesting that achieving a global consensus on data privacy and flows is crucial for maintaining trust in the digital economy and advancing international trade.\n</think>\n\nThe report underscores the critical role of cross-border data flows in driving global trade, commerce, and innovation, while also highlighting the challenges related to data security and privacy. It explores the economic benefits of digital trade, which contribute significantly to global GDP, and the risks posed by data breaches and misuse. The report examines various international initiatives, such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR), and the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which aim to balance data privacy with open data flows. These efforts seek to create interoperable frameworks that protect personal data while facilitating cross-border transactions. The report also discusses the importance of achieving global consensus on data privacy standards to prevent market fragmentation and ensure trust in the digital economy. It concludes by emphasizing the need for comprehensive policies that safeguard privacy without hindering international trade and innovation.", "answers": ["\"Cross-border data flows\" refers to the movement or transfer of information between computer servers across national borders. Such data flows enable people to transmit information for online communication, track global supply chains, share research, provide cross-border services, and support technological innovation. Ensuring open cross-border data flows has been an objective of Congress in recent trade agreements and in broader U.S. international trade policy. The free flow of personal data, however, has raised security and privacy concerns. U.S. trade policy has traditionally sought to balance the need for cross-border data flows, which often include personal data, with online privacy and security. Some stakeholders, including some Members of Congress, believe that U.S. policy should better protect personal data privacy and security, and have introduced legislation to set a national policy. Other policymakers and analysts are concerned about increasing foreign barriers to U.S. digital trade, including data flows. Recent incidents of private information being shared or exposed have heightened public awareness of the risks posed to personal data stored online. Consumers' personal online data is valued by organizations for a variety of reasons, such as analyzing marketing information and easing the efficiency of transactions. Concerns are likely to grow as the amount of online data organizations collect and the level of global data flows expand. As Congress assesses policy options, it may further explore the link between cross-border data flows, online privacy, and trade policy; the trade implications of a comprehensive data privacy policy; and the U.S. role in establishing best practices and binding trade rules that seek to balance public policy priorities. There is no globally accepted standard or definition of data privacy in the online world, and there are no comprehensive binding multilateral rules specifically about cross-border data flows and privacy. Several international organizations, including the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), G-20, and Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, have sought to develop best practice guidelines or principles related to privacy and cross-border data flows, although none are legally binding. U.S. and other recent trade agreements are establishing new enforceable trade rules and disciplines. Countries vary in their data policies and laws; some focus on limiting access to online information by restricting the flow of data beyond a country's borders, aiming to protect domestic interests (e.g., constituents' privacy). However, these policies can also act as protectionist measures. The EU and China, two top U.S. trading partners, have established prescriptive rules on cross-border data flows and personal data from different perspectives. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is driven by privacy concerns; China is focused on security. Their policies affect U.S. firms seeking to do business in those regions, as well as in other markets that emulate the EU and Chinese approaches. Unlike the EU or China, the United States does not broadly restrict cross-border data flows and has traditionally regulated privacy at a sectoral level to cover data, such as health records. U.S. trade policy has sought to balance the goals of consumer privacy, security, and open commerce. The proposed United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) represents the Trump Administration's first attempt to include negotiated trade rules and disciplines on privacy, cross-border data flows, and security in a trade agreement. While the United States and other countries work to define their respective national privacy strategies, many stakeholders seek a more global approach that would allow interoperability between differing national regimes to facilitate and remove discriminatory trade barriers to cross-border data flows; this could offer an opportunity for the United States to lead the global conversation. Although Congress has examined issues surrounding online privacy and has considered multiple bills, there is not yet consensus on a comprehensive U.S. online data privacy policy. Congress may weigh in as the Administration seeks to define U.S. policy on data privacy and engages in international negotiations on cross-border data flows."], "length": 47942, "E2E_time": 6.644704217091203, "context_token": 8723}
{"pred": " The federal government supports airport infrastructure through three main methods: the Airport Improvement Program (AIP), Passenger Facility Charges (PFCs), and tax-exempt bonds. AIP provides grants for capital projects like runways, while PFCs allow airports to charge passengers for a broader range of projects, including terminals. Tax-exempt bonds offer low-cost financing for airport improvements. The report outlines the history of federal involvement in airports, starting from World War II, and details the legislative framework and funding mechanisms. It also discusses the distribution of AIP grants, the role of PFCs, and the challenges in balancing funding between large and small airports. The report highlights the importance of these funding sources in addressing airport capacity, safety, and noise issues, while noting ongoing debates about federal involvement and funding priorities.\n</think>\n\nThe federal government supports airport infrastructure through three primary methods: the Airport Improvement Program (AIP), Passenger Facility Charges (PFCs), and tax-exempt bonds. AIP provides grants for capital projects such as runways and taxiways, while PFCs allow airports to charge passengers for a broader range of projects, including terminals and ground access improvements. Tax-exempt bonds offer low-cost financing for airport improvements, benefiting larger airports more frequently.\n\nThe report traces the history of federal involvement in airports, beginning with World War II, when the government first significantly supported airport construction. Post-war legislation, such as the Federal Airport Act of 1946, continued this support, with funding increasing in the 1960s for jet runway upgrades. The Airport and Airway Development Act of 1970 established the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, which remains a key funding source for airport development.\n\nThe report details the distribution of AIP grants, which are allocated through formula-based entitlements and discretionary funds. Formula grants prioritize passenger boardings, cargo weight, and general aviation needs, while discretionary funds address specific projects like noise mitigation and capacity enhancement. PFCs, introduced in 1990, provide additional revenue for airports, particularly for landside projects, though they face caps and usage restrictions.\n\nChallenges include balancing funding between large and small airports, with smaller airports relying heavily on AIP grants. The report emphasizes the importance of these funding sources in addressing capacity, safety, and noise issues, while noting ongoing debates about federal involvement and funding priorities. It highlights the need for continued investment to meet growing aviation demands and maintain a safe, efficient national airport system.", "answers": ["There are five major sources of airport capital development funding: the federal Airport Improvement Program (AIP); local passenger facility charges (PFCs) imposed pursuant to federal law; tax-exempt bonds; state and local grants; and airport operating revenue from tenant lease and other revenue-generating activities such as landing fees. Federal involvement is most consequential in AIP, PFCs, and tax-exempt financing. The AIP has been providing federal grants for airport development and planning since the passage of the Airport and Airway Improvement Act of 1982 (P.L. 97-248). AIP funding is usually spent on projects that support aircraft operations such as runways, taxiways, aprons, noise abatement, land purchase, and safety or emergency equipment. The funds obligated for AIP are drawn from the airport and airway trust fund, which is supported by a variety of user fees and fuel taxes. Different airports use different combinations of these sources depending on the individual airport's financial situation and the type of project being considered. Although smaller airports' individual grants are of much smaller dollar amounts than the grants going to large and medium hub airports, the smaller airports are much more dependent on AIP to meet their capital needs. This is particularly the case for noncommercial airports, which received over 25% of AIP grants distributed in FY2018. Larger airports are much more likely to issue tax-exempt bonds or finance capital projects with the proceeds of PFCs. The FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (P.L. 115-254) provided annual AIP funding of $3.35 billion from the airport and airway trust fund for five years from FY2019 to FY2023. The act left the basic structure of AIP unchanged, but authorized supplemental annual funding of over $1 billion from the general fund to the AIP discretionary funds, starting with $1.02 billion in FY2019, and required at least 50% of the additional discretionary funds to be available to nonhub and small hub airports. The act included a provision permitting eligible projects at small airports (including those in the State Block Grant Program) to receive a 95% federal share of project costs (otherwise capped at 90%), if such projects are determined to be successive phases of a multiphase construction project that received a grant in FY2011. The 2018 reauthorization expanded the number of states that could participate in the State Block Grant Program from 10 to 20 and also expanded the existing airport privatization pilot program (now renamed the Airport Investment Partnership Program) to include more than 10 airports. The law included a provision that forbids states or local governments from levying or collecting taxes on a business at an airport that \"is not generally imposed on sales or services by that State, political subdivision, or authority unless wholly utilized for airport or aeronautical purposes.\" The airport improvement issues Congress generally faces in the context of FAA reauthorization include the following: Should airport development funding be increased or decreased? Should the $4.50 ceiling on PFCs be eliminated, raised, or kept as it is? Could AIP be restructured to address congestion at the busiest U.S. airports, or should a large share of AIP resources continue to go to noncommercial airports that lack other sources of funding? Should Congress set tighter limits on the purposes for which AIP and PFC funds may be spent? This report provides an overview of airport improvement financing, with emphasis on AIP and the related passenger facility charges. It also discusses some ongoing airport issues that are likely to be included in a future FAA reauthorization debate."], "length": 60066, "E2E_time": 10.565536485984921, "context_token": 12910}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Defense's (DOD) MILCON appropriations, which fund military construction projects. It highlights the process for requesting and managing these funds, including the use of Form 1391 for project data and the role of construction agents like the Army Corps of Engineers. The report also discusses the challenges in cost estimation, noting that DOD's Unified Facilities Criteria lacks some best practices for reliable estimates. It concludes with a recommendation to improve DOD's cost estimating guidance.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the Department of Defense's (DOD) MILCON appropriations, which are used to fund military construction projects both domestically and overseas. It outlines the process for requesting and managing these funds, emphasizing the role of DOD's Form 1391 in submitting project data and justifications. The report also highlights the responsibilities of construction agents, such as the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, in managing these projects.\n\nKey findings include the challenges in cost estimation, particularly the lack of adherence to best practices in DOD's Unified Facilities Criteria, which is the primary guidance for developing cost estimates. The report notes that while the military departments have developed additional guidance, the Unified Facilities Criteria does not fully incorporate all steps needed for reliable estimates, leading to discrepancies in project costs.\n\nThe report concludes with a recommendation for the Secretary of Defense to improve DOD's MILCON cost estimating guidance by fully integrating the 12 steps outlined in GAO's Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide. This would enhance the reliability of cost estimates, providing better support for appropriations decisions and project oversight.", "answers": ["Between fiscal years 2005 and 2016, Congress annually appropriated between $2.5 to $9.6 billion in MILCON funding for the active component of the U.S. military to use for projects worldwide. Reliable project construction cost estimates are of great importance, since those estimates drive these appropriations. House Report 114-537 accompanying a proposed bill authorizing national defense activities for fiscal year 2017 included a provision for GAO to report on DOD's MILCON cost estimating. This report examines the extent to which (1) the active component obligated and expended the MILCON appropriations received during fiscal years 2005-2016, (2) the active component reprogrammed MILCON appropriations during fiscal years 2010 through 2016, and (3) DOD's MILCON cost estimates are reliable for selected projects and DOD's guidance for developing estimates fully incorporates the steps needed for developing reliable estimates. GAO analyzed the active components' MILCON execution data and reviewed DOD's guidance for cost estimating and compared it with the best practices identified in GAO's Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide . During fiscal years 2005 through 2016, Congress appropriated about $66 billion in military construction funds (MILCON) to the active duty Army, Navy, and Air Force (referred to as the active component) for projects. As of September 30, 2016, the active component had obligated all but about $5.1 billion and expended all but about $11 billion of those funds. Of the $5.1 billion remaining unobligated, about $4.6 billion was still available to be obligated because MILCON appropriations are generally available for new obligations for 5 years. According to Department of Defense (DOD) officials, available but unobligated amounts no longer needed may be either taken back by Congress or reprogrammed to other MILCON projects that the active component identifies as needing additional funding. During fiscal years 2010 through 2016, the active component reprogrammed about $1.6 billion in MILCON appropriations to fund emergency projects, projects that were authorized but did not receive specific appropriations, and projects needing additional funding. Of this amount, the Army reprogrammed about $789 million; the Navy, about $535 million; and the Air Force, about $295 million. DOD's guidance does not fully incorporate the steps needed for developing reliable estimates and the estimates for three projects that GAO reviewed were not reliable. Specifically, two of the three high-value projects GAO examined experienced a more than 30-percent increase from the initial cost estimates submitted to Congress. GAO determined that DOD cost estimators did not follow all the best practices associated with the four characteristics—comprehensive, well-documented, accurate, and credible—of a reliable estimate for these projects. GAO's Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide identifies 12 steps that, if used, are more likely to result in reliable and valid cost estimates. However, as shown below, DOD's construction guidance—the Unified Facilities Criteria—does not include all of these steps. Until DOD incorporates these steps, DOD and congressional decision-makers may not have reliable estimates to inform their decisions regarding appropriations and the oversight of projects. GAO recommends that DOD ensure that its cost estimating guidance fully incorporate the steps needed for developing reliable cost estimates. DOD partially concurred with GAO's recommendation and stated that it will issue revised cost guidance in fiscal year 2019 that more fully incorporates those steps that would benefit the military construction program."], "length": 40863, "E2E_time": 6.566210542339832, "context_token": 8103}
{"pred": " The report outlines the requirements and processes for postsecondary schools to participate in federal student aid programs, emphasizing the role of the Federal Student Aid (FSA) office and the Office of Inspector General (OIG). It details the certification, accreditation, and state authorization needed for eligibility, as well as the ongoing financial oversight and compliance audits conducted by FSA. The report also highlights the challenges in ensuring audit quality and the steps taken by FSA and OIG to address these issues.\n</think>\n\nThe report details the requirements and processes for postsecondary schools to participate in federal student aid programs, focusing on the roles of the Federal Student Aid (FSA) office and the Office of Inspector General (OIG). To be eligible, schools must be certified by the Department of Education, accredited by a recognized agency, and authorized by their state. FSA ensures schools meet these standards and administers ongoing financial oversight, including reviewing annual compliance audits and conducting program reviews for schools at risk of noncompliance.\n\nThe report highlights the challenges in maintaining audit quality, noting that the OIG found significant deficiencies in many compliance audits. It also discusses steps taken by FSA and OIG to improve audit quality, such as enhanced training for auditors, updated audit guides, and guidance for schools on selecting auditors. The report underscores the importance of reliable compliance audits for informed recertification decisions, ultimately aiming to ensure schools effectively and responsibly administer federal student aid.", "answers": ["Education provided over $122 billion in grants, loans and work study funds to help students pay for college at about 6,000 schools in fiscal year 2017. Education is responsible for certifying that these schools are eligible for and capable of properly administering federal student aid funds. Schools are required to submit an annual compliance audit that provides information on schools' administrative capability, which Education considers in its school certification decisions. GAO was asked to review Education's process for certifying schools to receive federal student aid. This report examines (1) how Education certifies schools to administer federal student aid and how frequently schools are approved and denied certification; and (2) the role of compliance audits in the certification process and what, if any, steps Education has taken to address the quality of the audit information. GAO analyzed data on school certification outcomes for calendar years 2006-2017 (when GAO determined data were most reliable); reviewed data and reports summarizing Education's reviews of compliance audit quality for fiscal years 2006-2017; reviewed a non-generalizable sample of 21 school certification decisions from fiscal years 2015 and 2016, selected for a mix of decisions, school characteristics, and geographic regions; examined relevant federal laws, regulations, policy manuals and guidance; and interviewed Education officials. The Department of Education (Education) is responsible for evaluating a variety of information to determine whether a postsecondary school should be certified to administer federal student aid programs, and agency data show that it approves most schools that apply. Education procedures instruct regional office staff to review school policies, financial statements, and compliance audits prepared by independent auditors, among other things. Education can certify schools to participate in federal student aid programs for up to 6 years, or it can provisionally certify them for less time if it determines that increased oversight is needed—for example, when a school applies for certification for the first time or when it has met some but not all requirements to be fully certified. In calendar years 2006 through 2017, Education fully or provisionally approved most schools applying for initial or recertification to receive federal student aid (see figure). Note: Schools applying for certification for the first time and approved are placed in provisional certification. In deciding whether to certify schools, Education particularly relies on compliance audits for direct information about how well schools are administering federal student aid, and Education's offices of Federal Student Aid and Inspector General have taken steps to address audit quality. The Inspector General annually selects a sample of compliance audits for quality reviews based on risk factors, such as auditors previously cited for errors. In fiscal years 2006 through 2017, 59 percent of the 739 selected audits received failing scores. Audits that fail must be corrected; if not, the school generally must repay federal student aid covered by the audit. Because higher risk audits are selected for review, Inspector General officials said they cannot assess the overall prevalence of quality problems in compliance audits. These two Education offices have taken steps to improve audit quality. For example, the Inspector General offered additional training to auditors on its revised 2016 audit guide and provided guidance to schools on hiring an auditor, while Federal Student Aid created a working group to strengthen its procedures for addressing poor quality compliance audits. Education's efforts to address audit quality could help ensure that these audits provide reliable information for school certification decisions. GAO is not making recommendations in this report."], "length": 22424, "E2E_time": 4.975188202224672, "context_token": 4231}
{"pred": " The report examines the effectiveness of federal agencies in implementing cybersecurity measures as per the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) and other related policies. It highlights the challenges faced by agencies in securing their information systems, including insufficient implementation of intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. The report also evaluates the roles of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in facilitating these efforts and identifies areas where improvements are needed to enhance federal cybersecurity.\n</think>\n\nThe report assesses the effectiveness of federal agencies in implementing cybersecurity measures under the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) and related policies. It highlights significant challenges, including inadequate implementation of intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, and identifies shortcomings in agencies' information security programs. The report also evaluates the roles of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in supporting these efforts, noting that while progress has been made, further improvements are necessary to strengthen federal cybersecurity. Key recommendations include enhancing training and guidance for agencies, finalizing policies, and improving reporting to Congress to address gaps in cybersecurity strategies.", "answers": ["Federal agencies are dependent on information systems to carry out operations. The risks to these systems are increasing as security threats evolve and become more sophisticated. To reduce the risk of a successful cyberattack, agencies can deploy intrusion detection and prevention capabilities on their networks and systems. GAO first designated federal information security as a government-wide high-risk area in 1997. In 2015, GAO expanded this area to include protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information. Most recently, in September 2018, GAO updated the area to identify 10 critical actions that the federal government and other entities need to take to address major cybersecurity challenges. The federal approach and strategy for securing information systems is grounded in the provisions of the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014 and Executive Order 13800. The act requires agencies to develop, document, and implement an agency-wide program to secure their information systems. The Executive Order, issued in May 2017, directs agencies to use the National Institute of Standards and Technology's cybersecurity framework to manage cybersecurity risks. The Federal Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015 contained a provision for GAO to report on the effectiveness of the government's approach and strategy for securing its systems. GAO determined (1) the reported effectiveness of agencies' implementation of the government's approach and strategy; (2) the extent to which DHS and OMB have taken steps to facilitate the use of intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to secure federal systems; and (3) the extent to which agencies reported implementing capabilities to detect and prevent intrusions. To address these objectives, GAO analyzed OMB reports related to agencies' information security practices including OMB's annual report to Congress for fiscal year 2017. GAO also analyzed and summarized agency-reported security performance metrics and IG-reported information for the 23 civilian CFO Act agencies. In addition, GAO evaluated plans, reports, and other documents related to DHS intrusion detection and prevention programs, and interviewed OMB, DHS, and agency officials. The 23 civilian agencies covered by the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 (CFO Act) have often not effectively implemented the federal government's approach and strategy for securing information systems (see figure below). Until agencies more effectively implement the government's approach and strategy, federal systems will remain at risk. To illustrate: As required by Office of Management and Budget (OMB), inspectors general (IGs) evaluated the maturity of their agencies' information security programs using performance measures associated with the five core security functions—identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover. The IGs at 17 of the 23 agencies reported that their agencies' programs were not effectively implemented. IGs also evaluated information security controls as part of the annual audit of their agencies' financial statements, identifying material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal controls for financial reporting at 17 of the 23 civilian CFO Act agencies. Chief information officers (CIOs) for 17 of the 23 agencies reported not meeting all elements of the government's cybersecurity cross-agency priority goal. The goal was intended to improve cybersecurity performance through, among other things, maintaining ongoing awareness of information security, vulnerabilities, and threats; and implementing technologies and processes that reduce malware risk. Executive Order 13800 directed OMB, in coordination with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), to assess and report on the sufficiency and appropriateness of federal agencies' processes for managing cybersecurity risks. Using performance measures for each of the five core security functions, OMB determined that 13 of the 23 agencies were managing overall enterprise risks, while the other 10 agencies were at risk. In assessing agency risk by core security function, OMB identified a few agencies to be at high risk (see figure at the top of next page). DHS and OMB facilitated the use of intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to secure federal agency systems, but further efforts remain. For example, in response to prior GAO recommendations, DHS had improved the capabilities of the National Cybersecurity Protection System (NCPS), which is intended to detect and prevent malicious traffic from entering agencies' computer networks. However, the system still had limitations, such as not having the capability to scan encrypted traffic. The department was also in the process of enhancing the capabilities of federal agencies to automate network monitoring for malicious activity through its Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) program. However, the program was running behind schedule and officials at most agencies indicated the need for additional training and guidance. Further, the Federal CIO issued a mandated report assessing agencies' intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, but the report did not address required information, such as the capability of NCPS to detect advanced persistent threats, and a cost/benefit comparison of capabilities to commercial technologies and tools. Selected agencies had not consistently implemented capabilities to detect and prevent intrusions into their computer networks. Specifically, the agencies told GAO that they had not fully implemented required actions for protecting email, cloud services, host-based systems, and network traffic from malicious activity. For example, 21 of 23 agencies had not, as of September 2018, sufficiently enhanced email protection through implementation of DHS' directive on enhanced email security. In addition, less than half of the agencies that use cloud services reported monitoring these services. Further, most of the selected 23 agencies had not fully implemented the tools and services available through the first two phases of DHS's CDM program. Until agencies more thoroughly implement capabilities to detect and prevent intrusions, federal systems and the information they process will be vulnerable to malicious threats. GAO is making two recommendations to DHS, to among other things, coordinate with agencies to identify additional needs for training and guidance. GAO is also making seven recommendations to OMB to, among other things, direct the Federal CIO to update the mandated report with required information, such as detecting advanced persistent threats. DHS concurred with GAO's recommendations. OMB did not indicate whether it concurred with the recommendations or not."], "length": 86458, "E2E_time": 7.551274357829243, "context_token": 15802}
{"pred": " The report details USAID's assistance to the West Bank and Gaza through the ESF, focusing on fiscal years 2015 and 2016. It outlines the allocation, expenditure, and purpose of the funds, as well as the measures taken to prevent terrorism support. The report also evaluates the effectiveness of these measures and the compliance with legal requirements.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines USAID's assistance to the West Bank and Gaza via the Economic Support Fund (ESF) during fiscal years 2015 and 2016. USAID allocated approximately $544.5 million, of which $544.1 million was obligated and $350.6 million expended by March 2018. The funds were used for project assistance and debt relief, with the largest portion supporting Economic Growth and Infrastructure, followed by Investing in the Next Generation and Governance and Civic Engagement. Key projects included infrastructure rehabilitation, education initiatives, and governance improvements. USAID also made direct payments to creditors, such as fuel companies and a local bank, to address PA debts. To prevent terrorism support, USAID vetted creditors and adhered to Mission Order 21, ensuring compliance with antiterrorism policies. External assessments and audits were conducted to evaluate the PA's financial systems, though some findings were deemed low-risk. The report concludes that USAID effectively managed funds and complied with legal requirements, contributing to a stable and prosperous Palestinian society.", "answers": ["Since 1993, the U.S. government has committed more than $5 billion in bilateral assistance to the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. According to the Department of State, this assistance to the Palestinians promotes U.S. economic and political foreign policy interests by supporting Middle East peace negotiations and financing economic stabilization programs. USAID is primarily responsible for administering ESF assistance to the West Bank and Gaza. Appropriations acts for fiscal years 2015 and 2016 included provisions for GAO to review the treatment, handling, and uses of funds provided through the ESF for assistance to the West Bank and Gaza. This report examines (1) the status of ESF assistance and projects provided to the West Bank and Gaza for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, including project assistance and payments to PA creditors, and (2) the extent to which USAID conducted required vetting of PA creditors to ensure that this assistance would not support entities or individuals associated with terrorism and assessed PA ministries' capacity to use ESF assistance as intended. GAO reviewed relevant laws and regulations and USAID financial data, policies, procedures, and documents. GAO also interviewed USAID and State Department officials. As of March 2018, the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) had allocated about $545 million of funding appropriated to the Economic Support Fund (ESF) for assistance in the West Bank and Gaza for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. USAID obligated about $544 million (over 99 percent) and expended about $351 million (over 64 percent) of the total allocations. Project assistance accounted for approximately $399 million of the obligated funds, while payments to Palestinian Authority (PA) creditors accounted for $145 million (see figure). USAID's obligations for project assistance in the West Bank and Gaza for fiscal years 2015 and 2016 supported three development objectives—Economic Growth and Infrastructure ($239 million), Investing in the Next Generation ($107 million), and Governance and Civic Engagement (about $25 million). In fiscal years 2015 and 2016, USAID made payments directly to PA creditors—two Israeli fuel companies, to cover debts for petroleum purchases, and a local Palestinian bank, to pay off a line of credit used for PA medical referrals to six hospitals in the East Jerusalem Hospital network. USAID vetted PA creditors to ensure that the program assistance would not provide support to entities or individuals associated with terrorism and also conducted external assessments and financial audits of PA ministries of Health and Finance and Planning. USAID documentation showed that, as required, officials checked the vetting status of each PA creditor within 12 months before USAID signed its debt relief grant agreements with the PA. In addition, although USAID determined that it was not legally required to assess the PA Ministry of Health's medical referral services and the Ministry of Finance and Planning's petroleum procurement system, the agency commissioned external assessments of both ministries. These assessments found some weaknesses in both ministries' systems; however, USAID mission officials stated that these weaknesses did not affect USAID debt relief payments to the PA creditors. Nevertheless, USAID took additional steps to mitigate the identified weaknesses. For example, a USAID contractor worked with the Ministry of Health to update, revise, and approve guidelines for medical referrals. In addition, USAID commissioned financial audits of the debt relief grant agreements between USAID and the PA for direct payments to PA creditors in fiscal year 2015 and 2016. The audits did not identify any ineligible costs, reportable material weaknesses in internal control, or material instances of noncompliance with the terms of the agreements. GAO is not making recommendations in this report."], "length": 20273, "E2E_time": 5.0482462351210415, "context_token": 4108}
{"pred": " The report examines the Small Business Lending Fund (SBLF) established under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, focusing on its creation, structure, implementation, and impact. It highlights the congressional interest in enhancing small business access to capital, driven by concerns about job creation and economic recovery. The SBLF aimed to increase lending to small businesses by providing capital to eligible financial institutions, with incentives for increased lending. The report discusses the legislative history, program structure, arguments for and against the SBLF, its implementation challenges, and the outcomes, including concerns about the validity of reported lending gains and the program's cost-effectiveness. It concludes with an overview of subsequent legislative efforts to modify the SBLF and ongoing debates about the best approaches to support small businesses.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the establishment and impact of the Small Business Lending Fund (SBLF) under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010. It underscores congressional efforts to enhance small business access to capital, crucial for job creation and economic recovery. The SBLF aimed to boost lending by providing capital to eligible institutions, with incentives for increased small business loans. The report outlines the legislative background, program structure, and debates surrounding the SBLF, noting its implementation challenges, such as delays and concerns over reported lending gains. It also highlights ongoing discussions about the program's cost-effectiveness and legislative attempts to modify it, reflecting broader debates on supporting small businesses through various fiscal and regulatory measures.", "answers": ["Congressional interest in small business access to capital has increased in recent years because of concerns that small businesses might be prevented from accessing sufficient capital to enable them to start, continue, or expand operations and create jobs. Some have argued that the federal government should provide additional resources to assist small businesses. Others worry about the long-term adverse economic effects of spending programs that increase the federal deficit. They advocate business tax reduction, reform of financial credit market regulation, and federal fiscal restraint as the best means to assist small businesses and create jobs. Several laws were enacted during the 111th Congress to enhance small business access to capital. For example, P.L. 111-5, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), provided the Small Business Administration (SBA) an additional $730 million, including funding to temporarily subsidize SBA fees and increase the 7(a) loan guaranty program's maximum loan guaranty percentage to 90%. P.L. 111-240, the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a $30 billion Small Business Lending Fund (SBLF), in which $4.0 billion was issued, to encourage community banks with less than $10 billion in assets to increase their lending to small businesses. It also authorized a $1.5 billion State Small Business Credit Initiative to provide funding to participating states with small business capital access programs, numerous changes to the SBA's loan guaranty and contracting programs, funding to continue the SBA's fee subsidies and the 7(a) program's 90% maximum loan guaranty percentage through December 31, 2010, and about $12 billion in tax relief for small businesses. P.L. 111-322, the Continuing Appropriations and Surface Transportation Extensions Act, 2011, authorized the SBA to continue its fee subsidies and the 7(a) program's 90% maximum loan guaranty percentage through March 4, 2011, or until available funding was exhausted, which occurred on January 3, 2011. This report focuses on the SBLF. It opens with a discussion of the supply and demand for small business loans. The SBLF's advocates claimed the SBLF was needed to enhance the supply of small business loans. The report then examines other arguments presented both for and against the program. Advocates argued that the SBLF would increase lending to small businesses and, in turn, create jobs. Opponents contended that the SBLF could lose money, lacked sufficient oversight provisions, did not require lenders to increase their lending to small businesses, could serve as a vehicle for Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) recipients to effectively refinance their TARP loans on more favorable terms with little or no resulting benefit for small businesses, and could encourage a failing lender to make even riskier loans to avoid higher dividend payments. The report concludes with an examination of the program's implementation and a discussion of bills introduced to amend the SBLF. For example, during the 112th Congress, S. 681, the Greater Accountability in the Lending Fund Act of 2011, would have limited the program's authority to 15 years from enactment and prohibited TARP recipients from participating in the program. H.R. 2807, the Small Business Leg-Up Act of 2011, would have transferred any unobligated and repaid funds from the SBLF to the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund \"to increase the availability of credit for small businesses.\" H.R. 3147, the Small Business Lending Extension Act, would have extended the Department of the Treasury's investment authority from one year to two years. During the 113th Congress, H.R. 2474, the Community Lending and Small Business Jobs Act of 2013, would have transferred any unobligated and repaid funds from the SBLF to the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund."], "length": 73604, "E2E_time": 8.511561738792807, "context_token": 15281}
{"pred": " The report discusses the U.S. Navy's force structure and shipbuilding plans, focusing on the proposed FY2020 budget and long-term goals. The Navy aims to achieve a 355-ship fleet, up from the current 270-290 ships, to meet strategic needs and counter emerging threats. The FY2020 budget requests funding for 12 new ships, including aircraft carriers, submarines, destroyers, frigates, oilers, and rescue ships. Key considerations include the affordability of the 30-year shipbuilding plan, potential cost overruns, and the impact of new technologies like unmanned vehicles. Congress must decide whether to approve, modify, or reject the Navy's plans, balancing strategic requirements with budgetary constraints. The report also highlights the importance of maintaining a robust shipbuilding industrial base and the potential economic benefits of increased shipbuilding activity.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the U.S. Navy's force structure and shipbuilding plans, emphasizing the proposed FY2020 budget and long-term objectives. The Navy seeks to expand its fleet to 355 ships from the current 270-290 ships to address strategic demands and emerging threats. The FY2020 budget proposes funding for 12 new ships, including aircraft carriers, submarines, destroyers, frigates, oilers, and rescue ships. Key considerations involve the affordability of the 30-year shipbuilding plan, potential cost overruns, and the role of new technologies such as unmanned vehicles. Congress must evaluate whether to approve, modify, or reject the Navy's plans, considering both strategic needs and budgetary limitations. Additionally, the report underscores the importance of sustaining a strong shipbuilding industrial base and the economic benefits of increased shipbuilding activity.", "answers": ["The current and planned size and composition of the Navy, the rate of Navy ship procurement, and the prospective affordability of the Navy's shipbuilding plans have been oversight matters for the congressional defense committees for many years. On December 15, 2016, the Navy released a force-structure goal that calls for achieving and maintaining a fleet of 355 ships of certain types and numbers. The 355-ship force-level goal is the result of a Force Structure Assessment (FSA) conducted by the Navy in 2016. The Navy states that a new FSA is now underway as the successor to the 2016 FSA. This new FSA, Navy officials state, is to be completed by the end of 2019. Navy officials have suggested in their public remarks that this new FSA could change the 355-ship figure, the planned mix of ships, or both. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget requests funding for the procurement of 12 new ships, including one Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) class aircraft carrier, three Virginia-class attack submarines, three DDG-51 class Aegis destroyers, one FFG(X) frigate, two John Lewis (TAO-205) class oilers, and two TATS towing, salvage, and rescue ships. The Navy's FY2020 five-year (FY2020-FY2024) shipbuilding plan includes 55 new ships, or an average of 11 new ships per year. The Navy's FY2020 30-year (FY2020-FY2049) shipbuilding plan includes 304 ships, or an average of about 10 per year. If the FY2020 30-year shipbuilding plan is implemented, the Navy projects that it will achieve a total of 355 ships by FY2034. This is about 20 years sooner than projected under the Navy's FY2019 30-year shipbuilding plan—an acceleration primarily due to a decision announced by the Navy in April 2018, after the FY2019 plan was submitted, to increase the service lives of all DDG-51 destroyers to 45 years. Although the Navy projects that the fleet will reach a total of 355 ships in FY2034, the Navy in that year and subsequent years will not match the composition called for in the FY2016 FSA. One issue for Congress is whether the new FSA that the Navy is conducting will change the 355-ship force-level objective established by the 2016 FSA and, if so, in what ways. Another oversight issue for Congress concerns the prospective affordability of the Navy's 30-year shipbuilding plan. Decisions that Congress makes regarding Navy force structure and shipbuilding plans can substantially affect Navy capabilities and funding requirements and the U.S. shipbuilding industrial base."], "length": 92100, "E2E_time": 10.851312100887299, "context_token": 19443}
{"pred": " The report examines the Small Business Administration's (SBA) 7(a) loan program, which guarantees loans to small businesses for working capital and other purposes. It highlights the program's structure, including delegated authority to lenders, the credit elsewhere requirement, and SBA's oversight mechanisms. The report also discusses the program's performance from 2007 to 2016, focusing on borrower demographics and lender compliance with documentation requirements. Key findings include high rates of noncompliance with credit elsewhere documentation, limited data collection by SBA, and the need for improved monitoring and analysis to ensure the program effectively serves its target population. The report concludes with recommendations for SBA to enhance oversight and data collection to improve compliance and program outcomes.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the Small Business Administration's (SBA) 7(a) loan program, which is designed to support small businesses by guaranteeing loans from commercial lenders. The program allows lenders, including banks and non-bank entities, to provide loans for working capital and other business needs, with SBA guarantees covering 50% to 85% of the loan amount. A key feature of the program is the \"credit elsewhere\" requirement, which ensures that borrowers cannot obtain conventional credit at reasonable terms. SBA relies on lenders with delegated authority to assess this requirement, but the report highlights significant challenges in oversight and compliance.\n\nFrom 2007 to 2016, the report reveals that a majority of 7(a) loans went to new businesses, women-owned firms, and those in distressed areas, indicating the program's role in addressing credit gaps. However, it also finds that over 40% of lender reviews identified noncompliance with credit elsewhere documentation, often due to inadequate internal controls and a lack of awareness among lenders. SBA's oversight mechanisms, including on-site and off-site reviews, are criticized for not consistently documenting lender policies and practices, limiting the agency's ability to address noncompliance effectively.\n\nThe report further notes that SBA lacks comprehensive data on lenders' use of credit elsewhere criteria, hindering its ability to monitor trends and ensure the program serves its intended borrowers. It concludes with recommendations for SBA to improve documentation practices, enhance data collection, and analyze lender behavior to strengthen compliance and program outcomes. Overall, the report underscores the importance of robust oversight to ensure the 7(a) program effectively supports small businesses that face barriers in accessing conventional credit.", "answers": ["SBA's 7(a) program is required to serve creditworthy small business borrowers who cannot obtain credit through a conventional lender at reasonable terms. The Joint Explanatory Statement of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 includes a provision for GAO to review the 7(a) program. This report discusses, among other things, (1) how SBA monitors lenders' compliance with the credit elsewhere requirement, (2) the extent to which SBA evaluates trends in lender credit elsewhere practices, and (3) lenders' views on the credit elsewhere criteria for 7(a) loans. GAO analyzed SBA data on 7(a) loans approved for fiscal years 2007–2016, the latest available, and reviewed literature on small business lending; reviewed standard operating procedures, other guidance, and findings from SBA reviews performed in fiscal year 2016; and interviewed lender associations and a nonrepresentative sample of 7(a) lenders selected that concentrated on larger lenders. For its 7(a) loan program, the Small Business Administration (SBA) has largely delegated authority to lenders to make 7(a) loan determinations for those borrowers who cannot obtain conventional credit at reasonable terms elsewhere. To monitor lender compliance with the “credit elsewhere” requirement SBA primarily uses on-site reviews conducted by third-party contractors with SBA participation and oversight, and other reviews. According to SBA guidance, lenders making 7(a) loans must take steps to ensure and document that borrowers meet the program's credit elsewhere requirement. However, GAO noted a number of concerns with SBA's monitoring efforts. Specifically, GAO found the following: Over 40 percent (17 of 40) of the on-site lender reviews performed in fiscal year 2016 identified lender noncompliance with the requirement. On-site reviewers identified several factors, such as weakness in lenders' internal control processes that were the cause for lender noncompliance. Most on-site reviewers did not document their assessment of lenders' policies or procedures, because SBA does not require them to do so. As a result SBA does not have information that could help explain the high noncompliance rate. Federal internal control standards state that management should design control activities, including appropriate documentation, and use quality information to achieve the entity's objectives. Without better information on lenders' procedures for complying with the documentation requirement, SBA may be limited in its ability to promote compliance with requirements designed to help ensure that the 7(a) program reaches its target population. SBA does not routinely collect or analyze information on the criteria used by lenders for credit elsewhere justifications. SBA recently began collecting some information on lenders' use of the criteria, but this information is limited, and SBA does not analyze the information that it does collect to better understand lenders' practices. Federal internal control standards state that management should use quality information to achieve the entity's objectives. Without more robust information and analysis, SBA may be limited in its ability to understand how lenders are using the credit elsewhere criteria and identify patterns of use by certain lenders that place them at a higher risk of not reaching borrowers who cannot obtain credit from other sources at reasonable terms. In general, representatives from 8 of 11 lenders that GAO interviewed stated that SBA's credit elsewhere criteria are adequate for determining small business eligibility for the 7(a) program. These criteria help them target their lending to small businesses that would otherwise have difficulty obtaining conventional credit because they are often new businesses or have a shortage of collateral. However, they also said that other factors—such as lender policies and economic conditions—can affect their decisions to offer 7(a) loans. In January 2018, SBA issued revised guidance for the 7(a) program and has provided training on this new guidance to lenders and trade associations. Lenders told GAO they are still in the process of understanding the new requirements. GAO recommends that SBA (1) require its on-site reviewers to document their assessment of lenders' policies and procedures related to the credit elsewhere documentation requirement, (2) collect information on lenders' use of credit elsewhere criteria, and (3) analyze that information to identify trends. SBA generally agreed with the recommendations."], "length": 53526, "E2E_time": 9.795884457882494, "context_token": 10634}
{"pred": " The report discusses the implementation and impact of the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) of 1993 and its modernization in 2010 (GPRAMA). It highlights the efforts to enhance the use of performance information in federal decision-making, the challenges faced, and the progress made over the years. The report also evaluates the effectiveness of data-driven reviews and the role of various government entities in promoting performance management. Key findings include the slow adoption of performance information at lower management levels despite improvements at higher levels, the importance of aligning agency goals with performance measures, and the need for continued efforts to expand the use of performance data across federal agencies.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the implementation and impact of the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) of 1993 and its modernization in 2010 (GPRAMA). It highlights the efforts to enhance the use of performance information in federal decision-making, the challenges faced, and the progress made over the years. The report also evaluates the effectiveness of data-driven reviews and the role of various government entities in promoting performance management. Key findings include the slow adoption of performance information at lower management levels despite improvements at higher levels, the importance of aligning agency goals with performance measures, and the need for continued efforts to expand the use of performance data across federal agencies. The report concludes that while some progress has been made, more actions are needed to fully realize the benefits of performance management in improving federal government outcomes.", "answers": ["To reform the federal government and make it more efficient and effective, agencies need to use data about program performance. The benefit of collecting performance information is only fully realized when it is used by managers to make decisions aimed at improving results. GAO was asked to review agencies' use of performance information. This report assesses, among other things, the extent to which: (1) 24 agencies' reported use of performance information and related leading practices has changed since 2013 and (2) the Executive Branch has taken actions to enhance the use of performance information. To address the first objective, GAO analyzed results from its 2017 survey of federal managers, and compared them to 2013 results. The survey covered a stratified random sample of 4,395 managers from the 24 Chief Financial Officers Act agencies. The survey had a 67 percent response rate and results can be generalized to the population of managers government-wide and at each agency. For the second objective, GAO reviewed agency documents and interviewed staff from OMB and the PIC. Agencies' reported use of performance information to make decisions, and leading practices that can promote such use, generally has not improved since GAO's last survey of federal managers in 2013. However, GAO's survey results continue to point to certain practices that could help agencies improve managers' use of performance information. For example, as shown in the table below, GAO's survey found that managers whose programs were subject to data-driven reviews (regular reviews used to assess progress on select agency goals) to a greater extent reported statistically significantly greater use of performance information to make decisions. The Executive Branch has begun taking steps to improve the use of performance information within agencies and across the government. For example, In the President's Management Agenda and government-wide reform plan, released in March and June 2018 respectively, the administration acknowledged the need to do more, and announced a goal, among other actions, to improve the use of data in federal decision making. However, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and others responsible for this goal have yet to fully develop action plans to hold agencies accountable for achieving it. The Performance Improvement Council (PIC), which is chaired by OMB, has undertaken efforts to improve the use of performance information by, for example, creating a working group on agency performance reviews. But it has not yet taken a systematic approach to identify and share proven practices that led to, or challenges that may be hampering, increased use of performance information by managers. GAO's survey results identified agencies that may have insights into such practices and challenges. More fully developing action plans for the new goal, and identifying and sharing proven practices and challenges, could help ensure the Executive Branch takes further steps to improve the use of performance information by managers within agencies and across the federal government. To improve the use of performance information within agencies and across the federal government, GAO recommends that OMB work with (1) fellow goal leaders to more fully develop action plans for the new goal to improve the use of data and (2) the PIC to prioritize efforts to identify and share proven practices and challenges. OMB had no comments on this report."], "length": 56730, "E2E_time": 7.2201545718126, "context_token": 11251}
{"pred": " The report examines how federal agencies have implemented telework as a strategy to reduce office space and improve space efficiency. It highlights the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010 and the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Reduce the Footprint policy, which encourage agencies to use telework for space planning. The report finds that while many agencies have successfully integrated telework into their space strategies, challenges such as collective bargaining agreements, managing organizational change, and measuring cost savings persist. The General Services Administration (GSA) is recommended to develop comprehensive guidance and tools to assist agencies in effectively using telework for space planning.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the implementation of telework by federal agencies as a means to reduce office space and enhance space efficiency. It references the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010 and the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Reduce the Footprint policy, both of which promote the use of telework in space planning. The findings indicate that while numerous agencies have successfully incorporated telework into their space strategies, several challenges remain, including collective bargaining agreements, managing organizational change, and accurately measuring cost savings. The report concludes with recommendations for the General Services Administration (GSA) to develop comprehensive guidance and tools to support agencies in effectively utilizing telework for space planning.", "answers": ["Federal agencies are exploring ways to use telework as a tool to reduce the federal footprint and use space more efficiently. GAO was asked to examine the effects of telework on agencies' space-planning efforts. In this report, GAO reviewed: (1) how the 23 civilian CFO Act agencies reported using telework in office space planning; (2) the specific ways selected agencies and GSA used telework in their office space planning; and (3) any challenges the civilian CFO Act agencies faced in using telework in office space planning. GAO surveyed all 23 civilian CFO Act agencies, analyzed each agency's space-planning documents, and Real Property Efficiency Plans . GAO reviewed four agencies in greater detail based on analysis of telework data and other factors. For those four agencies GAO conducted site visits, interviewed officials, and analyzed agency documents. GAO also identified challenges agencies faced in using telework in space planning, based on survey results, agency documents, and interviews. The 23 civilian Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Act agencies reported various ways of considering and using telework as a space-planning tool, by, for example, implementing desk-sharing for employees who telework in order to relinquish leased space, or increasing the number of staff working in an existing space without increasing its size. All of the 23 agencies discussed telework in the context of space planning and achieving greater space efficiencies in either their space-planning documents or Real Property Efficiency Plans . The agencies that used telework as a space-planning tool generally reported implementing smaller or unassigned workstations. Three of the four agencies GAO reviewed in greater detail––the General Services Administration (GSA); the Office of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice; the Centers for Disease Control at the Department of Health and Human Services; and the Bureau of the Fiscal Service at the Department of the Treasury––leveraged telework to reduce or use office space more efficiently. For example, GSA and the Office of Justice Programs used telework to accommodate more employees in a smaller office space as illustrated in figure 1 below. The Centers for Disease Control used telework to accommodate more employees in the same amount of space. The Bureau of the Fiscal Service reduced space without telework by reducing the size of individual workstations. The 23 civilian CFO Act agencies reported several challenges in using telework to reduce space including human capital issues, mission suitability, and measuring cost savings attributable to telework. About two-thirds of the agencies said they would find it helpful to have additional information, assistance, or resources in using telework as a space-planning tool. GSA provides guidance to improve space utilization. However, GAO found that GSA last developed relevant formal guidance in 2006. This information, and that on GSA's telework and space-planning websites, was neither specific nor detailed and therefore of limited assistance to agencies that would like to use telework as a space-planning tool. Additionally, GSA's space-planning tool—the Workplace Investment and Feasibility Tool, intended to help agencies quantify the benefits and costs of telework––remains under development after more than 4 years, and GSA officials have not decided whether to make the tool available to other federal agencies. As such, agencies reported that they lack adequate guidance to determine how best to reduce space or use it more efficiently, and how to assess the benefits and costs of using telework in space planning. GSA concurred with recommendations that GSA should: (1) develop guidance on how agencies can use telework as a strategic space-planning tool and make this guidance readily available and (2) complete and make the Workplace Investment and Feasibility Tool available to federal agencies for use in assessing the benefits and costs of telework."], "length": 46448, "E2E_time": 5.9156010793522, "context_token": 8819}
{"pred": " The report highlights the significant cybersecurity risks facing federal IT systems and critical infrastructure, emphasizing the complexity and interconnectedness of these systems. It outlines challenges such as supply chain vulnerabilities, workforce shortages, and the need for a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy. The report also addresses privacy concerns, particularly regarding the protection of personally identifiable information (PII), and the impact of emerging technologies like IoT and AI. It concludes with recommendations for improving federal cybersecurity efforts, including enhancing oversight, adopting best practices, and addressing workforce and supply chain risks.\n</think>\n\nThe report underscores the critical cybersecurity risks facing federal IT systems and national infrastructure, driven by their complexity, interconnectedness, and reliance on diverse technologies. Key challenges include supply chain vulnerabilities, shortages in skilled cybersecurity personnel, and the need for a unified national cybersecurity strategy. The report also highlights privacy concerns, particularly the protection of personally identifiable information (PII), and the implications of emerging technologies like IoT and AI. It concludes with recommendations to enhance federal cybersecurity efforts through improved oversight, adoption of best practices, and addressing workforce and supply chain risks.", "answers": ["Federal agencies and the nation's critical infrastructures—such as energy, transportation systems, communications, and financial services—are dependent on information technology systems to carry out operations. The security of these systems and the data they use is vital to public confidence and national security, prosperity, and well-being. The risks to these systems are increasing as security threats evolve and become more sophisticated. GAO first designated information security as a government-wide high-risk area in 1997. This was expanded to include protecting cyber critical infrastructure in 2003 and protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information in 2015. This report provides an update to the information security high-risk area. To do so, GAO identified the actions the federal government and other entities need to take to address cybersecurity challenges. GAO primarily reviewed prior work issued since the start of fiscal year 2016 related to privacy, critical federal functions, and cybersecurity incidents, among other areas. GAO also reviewed recent cybersecurity policy and strategy documents, as well as information security industry reports of recent cyberattacks and security breaches. GAO has identified four major cybersecurity challenges and 10 critical actions that the federal government and other entities need to take to address them. GAO continues to designate information security as a government-wide high-risk area due to increasing cyber-based threats and the persistent nature of security vulnerabilities. GAO has made over 3,000 recommendations to agencies aimed at addressing cybersecurity shortcomings in each of these action areas, including protecting cyber critical infrastructure, managing the cybersecurity workforce, and responding to cybersecurity incidents. Although many recommendations have been addressed, about 1,000 have not yet been implemented. Until these shortcomings are addressed, federal agencies' information and systems will be increasingly susceptible to the multitude of cyber-related threats that exist. GAO has made over 3,000 recommendations to agencies since 2010 aimed at addressing cybersecurity shortcomings. As of August 2018, about 1,000 still needed to be implemented."], "length": 104105, "E2E_time": 8.468397652730346, "context_token": 19218}
{"pred": " The report discusses the role and challenges of the Policy, Law, and Coordination (PLCY) office within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) following the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) in 2016. The NDAA elevated PLCY's leadership to an Under Secretary position, which remains vacant as of June 2018. The report highlights PLCY's responsibilities, including policy development, strategic planning, and coordination across DHS components. It also identifies challenges such as unclear roles and responsibilities, staffing shortages, and limited capacity for risk analysis. Recommendations include finalizing a delegation of authority, establishing processes for coordination, improving workforce planning, and enhancing communication mechanisms.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the role and challenges of the Policy, Law, and Coordination (PLCY) office within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) after the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). The NDAA elevated PLCY's leadership to an Under Secretary position, which has remained vacant as of June 2018. PLCY is responsible for policy development, strategic planning, and coordination across DHS components. Key challenges include ambiguous roles, staffing shortages, and limited risk analysis capacity. Recommendations include finalizing a delegation of authority, establishing coordination processes, improving workforce planning, and enhancing communication mechanisms.", "answers": ["GAO has designated DHS management as high risk because of challenges in building a cohesive department. PLCY supports cohesiveness by, among other things, coordinating departmentwide policy and strategy. In the past, however, questions have been raised about PLCY's efficacy. In December 2016, the NDAA codified PLCY's organizational structure, roles, and responsibilities. GAO was asked to evaluate PLCY's effectiveness. This report addresses the extent to which (1) DHS established an organizational structure and processes and procedures that position PLCY to be effective, (2) DHS and PLCY have ensured alignment of workforce with priorities, and (3) PLCY has engaged relevant component staff to help identify and respond to emerging needs. GAO analyzed the NDAA, documents describing specific responsibilities, and departmentwide policies and strategies. GAO also interviewed officials in PLCY and all eight operational components. According to our analysis and interviews with operational components, the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans' (PLCY) organizational structure and efforts to lead and coordinate departmentwide and crosscutting strategies—a key organizational objective–have been effective. For example, PLCY's coordination efforts for a strategy and policy executive steering committee have been successful, particularly for strategies. However, PLCY has encountered challenges leading and coordinating efforts to develop, update, or harmonize policies that affect multiple DHS components. In large part, these challenges are because DHS does not have clearly-defined roles and responsibilities with accompanying processes and procedures to help PLCY lead and coordinate policy in a predictable, repeatable, and accountable manner. Until PLCY's roles and responsibilities for policy are more clearly defined and corresponding processes and procedures are in place, situations where the lack of clarity hampers PLCY's effectiveness in driving policy are likely to continue. Development of a delegation of authority, which involves reaching agreement about PLCY's roles and responsibilities and clearly documenting them, had been underway. However, it stalled due to changes in department leadership. As of May 2018, the effort had been revived, but it is not clear whether and when DHS will finalize it. PLCY does some workforce planning as part of its annual budgeting process, but does not systematically apply key principles of the DHS Workforce Planning Guide to help ensure that PLCY's workforce aligns with its and DHS's priorities and goals. According to PLCY officials, the nature of its mission requires a flexible staffing approach. As such, a portion of the staff functions as generalists who can be assigned to meet the needs of different situations, including unexpected changing priorities due to an emerging need. However, shifting short-term priorities requires tradeoffs, which may divert attention and resources from longer-term priorities. As of June 5, 2018, PLCY also had a number of vacancies in key leadership positions, which further limited attention to certain priorities. According to PLCY officials, PLCY recently began a review to identify the office's authorities in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (NDAA) and other statutes, compare these authorities to the current organization and operations, and address any workforce capacity gaps. Employing workforce planning principles—in particular, systematic identification of workforce demand, capacity gaps, and strategies to address them—consistent with the DHS Workforce Planning Guide could better position PLCY to use its workforce as effectively as possible under uncertain conditions and to communicate effectively with DHS leadership about tradeoffs. Officials from PLCY and DHS operational components praised existing mechanisms to coordinate and communicate at the senior level, especially about strategy, but component officials identified opportunities to better connect PLCY and component staff to improve communication flow about emerging policy and strategy needs. Among the ideas offered by component officials to enhance communication and collaboration were holding routine small-group meetings, creating forums for periodic knowledge sharing, and maintaining accurate and up-to-date contact information for all staff-level stakeholders. GAO is making four recommendations. DHS concurred with three recommendations, including that DHS finalize a delegation of authority defining PLCY's roles and responsibilities and develop corresponding processes and procedures. DHS did not concur with a recommendation to apply the DHS Workforce Planning Guide to identify and communicate workforce needs. GAO believes this recommendation is valid as discussed in the report."], "length": 42107, "E2E_time": 5.659748315345496, "context_token": 7554}
{"pred": " The report discusses the process and challenges associated with the Individual Assistance (IA) program under the Stafford Act, administered by FEMA. It highlights the six regulatory factors used to evaluate IA requests, the inconsistent documentation of these factors in RVARs, and the challenges faced by both FEMA and state officials. The report also mentions proposed changes to the IA factors and the need for improved transparency and consistency in the declaration process.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the Individual Assistance (IA) program under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The IA program provides financial and direct assistance to disaster survivors through five specific programs, including housing, counseling, legal aid, case management, and unemployment benefits. FEMA evaluates IA requests using six regulatory factors: concentration of damages, trauma, special populations, voluntary agency assistance, insurance coverage, and average IA amounts by state. However, the report finds that FEMA regional offices inconsistently document all elements of these factors in their Regional Administrator’s Validation and Recommendation (RVAR) reports, which are used to recommend disaster declarations to the President. This inconsistency hinders transparency and consistency in the evaluation process. Additionally, the report highlights challenges such as the subjective nature of the IA factors, lack of eligibility thresholds, and difficulties in gathering information. Proposed changes to the IA factors aim to introduce more objective criteria, but as of April 2018, the finalization of these changes was pending. The report recommends that FEMA evaluate why regions are not fully documenting all elements of the IA factors and take corrective actions to improve the process.", "answers": ["FEMA's IA program provides help to individuals to meet their immediate needs after a disaster, such as shelter and medical expenses. When a state, U.S. territory, or tribe requests IA assistance through a federal disaster declaration, FEMA evaluates the request against regulatory factors, such as concentration of damages, and provides a recommendation to the President, who makes a final declaration decision. GAO was asked to review FEMA's IA declaration process. This report examines (1) the number of IA declaration requests received, declared, and denied, and IA actual obligations from calendar years 2008 through 2016, (2) the extent to which FEMA accounts for the regulatory factors when evaluating IA requests, and (3) any challenges FEMA regions and select states reported on the declaration process and factors and any FEMA actions to revise them. GAO reviewed FEMA's policies, IA declaration requests and obligation data, and FEMA's RVARs from July 2012 through December 2016, the most recent years for which data were available. GAO also reviewed proposed rulemaking comments and interviewed FEMA officials from all 10 regions and 11 state emergency management offices selected based on declaration requests and other factors. From calendar years 2008 through 2016, the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Federal Emergency and Management Agency (FEMA) received 294 Individual Assistance (IA) declaration requests from states, U.S. territories, and tribes to help individuals meet their immediate needs after a disaster. Of these, the President declared 168 and denied 126 requests. Across the various types of IA declaration requests, severe storms (190) were the most common disaster type and drought (1) was among the least common. FEMA obligated about $8.6 billion in IA for disaster declarations during this period. GAO found that FEMA regions did not consistently obtain and document information on all elements of established IA regulatory factors when making IA recommendations to headquarters. Following a declaration request, a FEMA region is to prepare a Regional Administrator's Validation and Recommendation (RVAR)—a document designed to include data on each of the six IA regulatory factors for each declaration request as well as the regional administrator's recommendation. GAO reviewed all 81 RVARs from July 2012—the date FEMA began using the new RVAR template—through December 2016. GAO found that regions did not consistently obtain and document information for the elements required under the six regulatory factors (see table). For example, only 44 of the 81 RVARs documented all elements under the concentration of damage factor. By evaluating why regions are not completing all elements of each current IA regulatory factor, FEMA could identify whether any corrective steps are needed. Officials from the 10 FEMA regions and 11 states GAO interviewed, reported positive relationships with each other, but also cited various challenges with the IA declaration process and regulatory factors. For example, these officials told GAO that there are no established minimum thresholds for IA, making final determinations more subjective and the rationale behind denials unclear. However, as required by the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act of 2013, FEMA has taken steps to revise the IA factors by issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking. According to FEMA, the proposed rule aims to provide more objective criteria, clarify the threshold for eligibility, and speed up the IA declaration process. As of April 2018, the proposed rule was still under consideration. According to FEMA officials, they plan to finalize the rule in late 2018; therefore, it is too early to know the extent to which it will address these challenges. GAO recommends that FEMA evaluate why regions are not completing the RVARs for each element of the current IA regulatory factors and take corrective steps, if necessary. DHS concurred with the recommendation."], "length": 28649, "E2E_time": 5.706426351796836, "context_token": 5359}
{"pred": " The report evaluates the internal controls over the Forest Service's budget execution processes, identifying several deficiencies in their control activities. It highlights issues with the use of appropriated funds, management of unobligated funds, administrative control of funds, and processes related to fire suppression and reimbursable agreements. The report concludes with recommendations to improve these processes and ensure compliance with federal regulations.\n</think>\n\nThe report assesses the internal controls of the U.S. Forest Service over its budget execution processes, revealing significant deficiencies in control activities. Key issues include improper use of appropriated funds, inadequate management of unobligated no-year funds, and a lack of comprehensive administrative control over funds. Additionally, the report identifies problems with processes related to fire suppression fund transfers, fire incident cooperative agreements, and the review of unliquidated obligations. These deficiencies increase the risk of noncompliance with federal regulations and inefficient use of resources. The report concludes with 11 recommendations to enhance internal controls, improve process documentation, and ensure adherence to USDA and OMB guidelines. The Forest Service has acknowledged the findings and is taking steps to address them.", "answers": ["The Forest Service, an agency within USDA, performs a variety of tasks as steward of 193 million acres of public forests and grasslands. Its budget execution process for carrying out its mission includes (1) allotments, which are authorizations by an agency to incur obligations within a specified amount, and (2) unliquidated obligations, which represent budgetary resources that have been committed but not yet paid. Deobligation refers to an agency's cancellation or downward adjustments of previously incurred obligations, which may result in funds that may be available for reobligation. GAO was asked to review the Forest Service's internal controls over its budget execution processes. This report examines the extent to which the Forest Service properly designed control activities over (1) allotments of budgetary resources, its system for administrative control of funds, and any fund transfers between Forest Service appropriations; (2) reimbursables and related collections; and (3) review and certification of unliquidated obligations. GAO reviewed the Forest Service's policies, procedures, and other documentation and interviewed agency officials. In fiscal years 2015 and 2016, the Forest Service received discretionary no-year appropriations of $5.1 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively. It is critical for the Forest Service to manage its budgetary resources efficiently and effectively. While the Forest Service had processes over certain of its budget execution activities, GAO found the following internal control deficiencies: Budgetary resources . The purpose statute requires that amounts designated in appropriations acts for specific purposes are used as designated. The Forest Service did not have an adequate process and related control activities to reasonably assure that amounts were used as designated. In fiscal year 2017, GAO issued a legal opinion that the Forest Service had failed to comply with the purpose statute with regard to a $65 million line-item appropriation specifically provided for the purpose of acquiring aircraft for the next-generation airtanker fleet. Further, the Forest Service lacked a process and related control activities to reasonably assure that unobligated no-year appropriation balances from prior years were reviewed for their continuing need; did not have a properly designed system for administrative control of funds, which keeps obligations and expenditures from exceeding limits authorized by law; and had not properly designed control activities for fund transfers to its Wildland Fire Management program. These deficiencies increase the risk that the Forest Service may make budget requests in excess of its needs. Reimbursable agreements . To carry out its mission, the Forest Service enters into reimbursable agreements with agencies within the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), other federal agencies, state and local government agencies, and nongovernment entities. The Forest Service (1) did not have adequately described processes and related control activities in manuals and handbooks for its reimbursable agreement processes and (2) lacked control activities related to segregating incompatible duties performed by line officers and program managers. For example, line officers may be responsible for initiating cost sharing agreements, modifying cost settlement packages, and changing or canceling the related receivable, which represent incompatible duties. As a result, programs and resources may not be protected from waste, fraud, and mismanagement. Unliquidated obligations . The Forest Service's processes and control activities over the review and certification of unliquidated obligations were not properly designed to reasonably assure the best use of funds and that unliquidated obligations would be efficiently and effectively deobligated and made available for other program needs. Further, the current process, as designed, was inconsistent with USDA and Forest Service policy. In addition, the Forest Service's manuals and handbooks, which provide directives for the areas that GAO reviewed, had not been reviewed by management in accordance with the Forest Service's 5-year review policy. Further, standard operating procedures and desk guides prepared by staff to supplement the manuals and handbooks were not issued as directives and therefore were not considered official policy. This increases the risk that control activities may not be consistently performed across the agency. GAO is making 11 recommendations to improve processes and related internal control activities over the management of the Forest Service's budgetary resources, reimbursable receivables and collections, and its process for reviewing unliquidated obligations. The Forest Service generally agreed with the report and stated that it has made significant progress to address the report findings."], "length": 59425, "E2E_time": 5.827997514978051, "context_token": 10539}
{"pred": " The report outlines the process by which the U.S. Senate confirms presidential nominations, as mandated by Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution. The confirmation process serves several purposes, including examining nominees' qualifications, influencing policy, and asserting Senate influence. The majority of nominations are routine, with military appointments and promotions making up the bulk. Civilian nominations include federal judges and executive department officials. The Senate typically confirms a high percentage of nominations due to factors like senatorial courtesy and the President's preference for a smooth process. The report details the steps from nomination submission to final vote, including committee referrals, hearings, and cloture procedures. It also addresses concerns over the process's efficiency and recent changes, such as reduced cloture time for most nominations.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the U.S. Senate's confirmation process for presidential nominations, as outlined in Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution. This process is designed to evaluate nominees' qualifications, influence policy, and assert Senate influence over executive appointments. The majority of nominations are routine, with military appointments and promotions constituting the largest portion, followed by civilian nominations, which include federal judges and executive department officials. The Senate generally confirms a high percentage of nominations due to factors such as senatorial courtesy, where home-state senators can influence outcomes, and the President's preference for a streamlined process. The report details the process from nomination submission to final vote, covering committee referrals, hearings, and cloture procedures. It also addresses concerns about the process's efficiency and recent changes, including the reduction of cloture time for most nominations, which has streamlined the confirmation process.", "answers": ["Article II, Section 2, of the Constitution provides that the President shall appoint officers of the United States \"by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate.\" This report describes the process by which the Senate provides advice and consent on presidential nominations, including receipt and referral of nominations, committee practices, and floor procedure. Committees play the central role in the process through investigations and hearings. Senate Rule XXXI provides that nominations shall be referred to appropriate committees \"unless otherwise ordered.\" Most nominations are referred, although a Senate standing order provides that some \"privileged\" nominations to specified positions will not be referred unless requested by a Senator. The Senate rule concerning committee jurisdictions (Rule XXV) broadly defines issue areas for committees, and the same jurisdictional statements generally apply to nominations as well as legislation. A committee often gathers information about a nominee either before or instead of a formal hearing. A committee considering a nomination has four options. It can report the nomination to the Senate favorably, unfavorably, or without recommendation, or it can choose to take no action. It is more common for a committee to take no action on a nomination than to reject a nominee outright. The Senate handles executive business, which includes both nominations and treaties, separately from its legislative business. All nominations reported from committee are listed on the Executive Calendar, a separate document from the Calendar of Business, which lists pending bills and resolutions. Generally speaking, the majority leader schedules floor consideration of nominations on the Calendar. Nominations are considered in \"executive session,\" a parliamentary form of the Senate in session that has its own journal and, to some extent, its own rules of procedure. The Senate can call up a nomination expeditiously, because a motion to enter executive session to consider a specific nomination on the Calendar is not debatable. This motion requires a majority of Senators present and voting, a quorum being present, for approval. After a nomination has been called up, the question before the Senate is \"will the Senate advise and consent to this nomination?\" A majority of Senators voting is required to approve a nomination. However, Senate rules place no limit on how long a nomination may be debated, and ending consideration could require invoking cloture. On April 6, 2017, the Senate reinterpreted Rule XXII in order to allow cloture to be invoked on nominations to the Supreme Court by a majority of Senators voting. This expanded the results of similar actions taken by the Senate in November 2013, which changed the cloture vote requirement to a majority for nominations other than to the Supreme Court. After the 2013 decision, the number of nominations subjected to a cloture process increased. On April 3, 2019, the Senate reinterpreted Rule XXII again. The Senate reduced, from 30 hours to 2 hours, the maximum time nominations can be considered after cloture has been invoked. This change applied to all executive branch nominations except to high-level positions such as heads of departments, and it applied to all judicial nominations except to the Supreme Court and the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The full impact of this change is difficult to assess at this time, but it is likely to shorten the time between a cloture vote and a vote on the nomination. If Senators respond as they did to the last reinterpretation of the cloture rule, it might also increase the number of nominations subjected to a cloture process. Nominations that are pending when the Senate adjourns sine die at the end of a session or recesses for more than 30 days are returned to the President unless the Senate, by unanimous consent, waives the rule requiring their return (Senate Rule XXXI, clause 6). If a nomination is returned, and the President still desires Senate consideration, he must submit a new nomination."], "length": 35491, "E2E_time": 6.173998069949448, "context_token": 6588}
{"pred": " The Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) is a federal program that provides workers' compensation coverage for private-sector employees in maritime occupations on or near U.S. navigable waters. Administered by the Department of Labor (DOL), the LHWCA ensures medical and disability benefits for injured workers and survivors' benefits for deceased workers. Unlike state programs, the LHWCA is a no-fault system, offering comprehensive benefits without requiring fault determination. It excludes certain workers, such as those covered by state laws or those in specific industries like recreational vessel repair. The LHWCA has been amended to expand coverage to include workers on the Outer Continental Shelf and others. Benefits are funded through employer insurance or self-insurance, with the DOL overseeing the program and managing the Special Fund for cases where employers cannot pay. The LHWCA also provides vocational rehabilitation services and adjusts benefits annually based on wage inflation. The claims process involves informal resolution or formal hearings, with appeals possible through the DOL and federal courts.\n</think>\n\nThe Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) is a federal program designed to provide workers' compensation coverage for private-sector employees engaged in maritime occupations on or near U.S. navigable waters. Administered by the Department of Labor (DOL), the LHWCA ensures that covered workers receive medical and disability benefits in the event of injury or illness and provides survivors' benefits to the families of workers who die on the job. Unlike state workers' compensation programs, the LHWCA operates as a no-fault system, offering comprehensive benefits without requiring fault determination.\n\nThe LHWCA excludes certain workers, such as those covered by state workers' compensation laws, employees in specific industries like recreational vessel repair, and federal or government workers. The act has been amended several times to expand coverage, including to workers on the Outer Continental Shelf and others in related fields. Benefits under the LHWCA are funded through employer-purchased insurance or self-insurance, with the DOL overseeing the program and managing the Special Fund, which provides benefits when employers or insurers cannot pay.\n\nThe LHWCA also offers vocational rehabilitation services to help injured workers return to employment, with costs covered by the Special Fund. Benefits, including medical coverage and disability payments, are adjusted annually based on wage inflation. The claims process involves informal resolution or formal hearings, with appeals available through the DOL and federal courts. This summary encapsulates the key aspects of the LHWCA, highlighting its structure, coverage, funding, and claims process.", "answers": ["The Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) is a federal workers' compensation program that covers certain private-sector maritime workers. Firms that employ these workers are required to purchase workers' compensation or self-insure and are responsible for providing medical and disability benefits to covered workers who are injured or become ill on the job and survivors benefits to the families of covered workers who die on the job. The LHWCA is administered by the Department of Labor (DOL), and all benefit costs are paid by employers and their insurance carriers. In 2016, more than $1.4 billion in LHWCA benefits were paid to beneficiaries. Congress has extended the LHWCA provisions to cover workers outside of the maritime industry, such as overseas government contractors and civilian employees of military post exchanges. As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), persons who repair recreational vessels of any size were added to the LHWCA exemption list. In 2011, the DOL implemented this provision; since then, those regulations have proven controversial and numerous bills have been introduced to modify the regulatory definition to increase the number of workers exempted from the LHWCA. The LHWCA pays for all medical care associated with a covered injury or illness. Disability benefits are based on a worker's pre-injury wage, and, unlike comparable state workers' compensation benefits, are adjusted annually to reflect national wage growth."], "length": 20551, "E2E_time": 8.067654464393854, "context_token": 4228}
{"pred": " The report provides a detailed analysis of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) appropriations for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019. It compares the enacted FY2018 appropriations, the Trump Administration's FY2019 budget request, and the appropriations measures developed by Congress. The report highlights the key funding levels for various DHS components, including U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). It also discusses the legislative process, including the role of the Senate and House Appropriations Committees, and the challenges faced during the appropriations process, such as the government shutdown in December 2018. The report provides context on budgetary concepts, including budget authority, obligations, outlays, and the distinction between discretionary and mandatory spending. It concludes with a summary of the final enacted appropriations for FY2019, noting increases in funding for several DHS components compared to FY2018.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive analysis of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) appropriations for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019, comparing the enacted FY2018 appropriations, the Trump Administration's FY2019 budget request, and Congress's appropriations measures. It details funding levels for key DHS components such as U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The report outlines the legislative process, including the roles of the Senate and House Appropriations Committees, and addresses challenges like the December 2018 government shutdown. It explains budgetary concepts, including budget authority, obligations, outlays, and the distinction between discretionary and mandatory spending. The report concludes with the final FY2019 appropriations, noting increased funding for several DHS components compared to FY2018.", "answers": ["This report provides an overview and analysis of FY2019 appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The primary focus of this report is on congressional direction and funding provided to DHS through the appropriations process. It includes an Appendix with definitions of key budget terms used throughout the suite of Congressional Research Service reports on homeland security appropriations. It also directs the reader to other reports providing context for specific component appropriations. As part of an overall DHS budget that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) estimated to be $74.88 billion, the Trump Administration requested $47.43 billion in adjusted net discretionary budget authority through the appropriations process for DHS for FY2018. The request amounted to a $0.29 billion (0.6%) decrease from the $47.72 billion in annual appropriations enacted for FY2018 through the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 (P.L. 115-141, Division F). The Administration also requested discretionary funding for DHS components that does not count against discretionary spending limits and is not reflected in the adjusted net discretionary budget authority total. The Administration requested an additional $6.65 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) in disaster relief funding, as defined by the Budget Control Act (P.L. 112-25; BCA), and in the budget request for the Department of Defense (DOD), $165 million in Overseas Contingency Operations designated funding (OCO) from the Operations and Maintenance budget of the U.S. Navy. On June 21, 2018, the Senate Committee on Appropriations reported out S. 3109, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2019, accompanied by S.Rept. 115-283. Committee-reported S. 3109 included $48.33 billion in adjusted net discretionary budget authority for FY2019. This was $901 million (1.9%) above the level requested by the Administration, and $611 million (1.3%) above the enacted level for FY2018. The Senate committee-reported bill included the Administration-requested levels for disaster relief funding, and included the OCO funding in an appropriation to the Coast Guard, rather than as a transfer from the U.S. Navy. On July 26, 2018, the House Appropriations Committee marked up H.R. 6776, its version of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2019. H.Rept. 115-948 was filed September 12, 2018. Committee-reported H.R. 6776 included $51.44 billion in adjusted net discretionary budget authority. The House committee-reported bill included the Administration-requested levels for disaster relief funding, but unlike S. 3109, did not include the OCO funding for the Coast Guard. As some of the annual appropriations for FY2019 remained unfinished, a consolidated appropriations bill that included a continuing resolution was passed by Congress and signed into law on September 28, 2018. The resolution, which covered DHS along with several other departments and agencies, continued funding at a rate of operations equal to FY2018 with some exceptions. This continuing resolution was extended through December 21, 2018, after which point annual appropriations lapsed. A partial government shutdown ensued for 35 days until continuing appropriations were resumed January 25, 2019, by P.L. 116-5. P.L. 116-6, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2019, was passed by Congress on February 14, 2019, and signed into law the following day. Division A of the act included the Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2019, which included $49.41 billion in adjusted net discretionary budget authority, $12 billion designated for the costs of major disasters, and $165 million in OCO funding for the Coast Guard. This report will be updated in the event of FY2019 supplemental appropriations actions."], "length": 38778, "E2E_time": 7.683356516994536, "context_token": 8390}
{"pred": " The report examines the role of race in higher education, focusing on two forms of affirmative action: mandatory measures to address the vestiges of de jure segregation and voluntary measures to promote diversity. It traces the legal evolution of these concepts through Supreme Court decisions, particularly United States v. Fordice and Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, and subsequent cases like Grutter v. Bollinger and Fisher v. University of Texas. The report highlights the strict scrutiny applied to voluntary affirmative action policies, requiring them to serve a compelling interest and be narrowly tailored. It also discusses the role of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in enforcing equal protection in both public and private institutions. The report concludes by noting the ongoing legal and policy debates surrounding affirmative action in higher education.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the role of race in higher education, focusing on two forms of affirmative action: mandatory measures to address the vestiges of de jure segregation and voluntary measures to promote diversity. It examines the legal evolution of these concepts through key Supreme Court decisions, including United States v. Fordice, Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, Grutter v. Bollinger, and Fisher v. University of Texas. The report emphasizes the strict scrutiny applied to voluntary affirmative action policies, requiring them to serve a compelling interest and be narrowly tailored. It also discusses the role of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in enforcing equal protection in both public and private institutions. The report concludes by noting the ongoing legal and policy debates surrounding affirmative action in higher education.", "answers": ["When federal courts have analyzed and addressed \"affirmative action\" in higher education, they have done so in two distinct but related senses, both under the Fourteenth Amendment's guarantee of \"equal protection.\" The first has its roots in the original sense of \"affirmative action:\" the mandatory use of race by public education systems to eliminate the remnants of state-imposed racial segregation. Because state-sanctioned race segregation in public education violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause, in certain cases involving a state's formerly de jure segregated public university system, a state's consideration of race in its higher education policies and practices may be an affirmative obligation. As the U.S. Supreme Court explained in its consequential 1992 decision United States v. Fordice, equal protection may require states that formerly maintained de jure segregated university systems to consider race for the purpose of eliminating all vestiges of their prior \"dual\" systems. Drawing upon its precedent addressing racially segregated public schools in the K-12 context, the Court established a three-part legal standard in Fordice for evaluating the sufficiency and effectiveness of a state's efforts in \"dismantl[ing]\" its formerly de jure segregated public university system. To that remedial end, mandatory race-conscious measures—in this de jure context—are not limited to admissions. Instead, remedies may also address policies and practices relating to academic programs, institutional missions, funding, and other aspects of public university operations. Outside this de jure context, \"affirmative action\" has come to refer to a different category of race-conscious policies. These involve what the Court at one time called the \"benign\" use of racial classifications—voluntary measures designed not to remedy past de jure discrimination, but to help racial minorities overcome the effects of their earlier exclusion. And for institutions of higher education, the Court has addressed one type of affirmative action policy in particular: the use of race as a factor in admissions decisions, a practice now widely observed by both public and private colleges and universities. The federal courts have come to subject these voluntary race-conscious policies—\"affirmative action\" in its perhaps more familiar sense—to a particularly searching form of review known as strict scrutiny. And even though this heightened judicial scrutiny has long been regarded as strict in theory but fatal in fact, the Court's review of race-conscious admissions policies in higher education has proved a notable exception, with the Court having twice upheld universities' use of race as one of many factors considered when assembling their incoming classes. The Court has long grappled with this seeming tension—between the strictness of its scrutiny and its approval of race-conscious admissions policies—beginning with its landmark 1978 decision in Regents of the University of California v. Bakke through its 2016 decision in Fisher v. University of Texas. Though the Equal Protection Clause generally concerns public universities and their constitutional obligations under the Fourteenth Amendment, federal statutory law also plays a role in ensuring equal protection in higher education. To that end, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits recipients of federal funding—including private colleges and universities—from, at a minimum, discriminating against students and applicants in a manner that would violate the Equal Protection Clause. Federal agencies, including the Departments of Justice and Education, investigate and administratively enforce institutions' compliance with Title VI."], "length": 82894, "E2E_time": 8.88638320285827, "context_token": 15495}
{"pred": " The report examines the implementation of pre-employment transition services (Pre-ETS) under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) by state vocational rehabilitation (VR) agencies. It highlights the steps states have taken, challenges faced, and the role of the Department of Education (Education) in addressing these challenges.\n\nKey Findings:\n1. **Expansion of Services**: Most state VR agencies have expanded services for students with disabilities since WIOA's enactment in 2014. They have increased the number of students served and introduced new programs, such as paid work experiences and after-school services.\n\n2. **Challenges in Implementation**:\n   - **Funding Utilization**: Many states have not fully utilized the funds reserved for Pre-ETS. In fiscal year 2016, states expended approximately $357 million out of $465 million reserved.\n   - **Interagency Coordination**: Less than half of the state VR agencies have updated their interagency agreements with state educational agencies, hindering coordination and collaboration.\n   - **Data Collection and Tracking**: States face difficulties in collecting and tracking data on Pre-ETS, particularly for students who have not applied for VR services.\n\n3. **Education's Role**:\n   - **Guidance and Technical Assistance**: Education has provided guidance and technical assistance through webinars, conference calls, and technical assistance centers like WINTAC and NTACT.\n   - **Monitoring and Compliance**: Education conducts periodic monitoring visits to assess compliance and provide feedback, but the process is lengthy, covering all states by 2021.\n\n4. **Recommendations**:\n   - Establish timeframes for providing additional guidance on allowable expenditures.\n   - Take additional steps to assist states in updating interagency agreements.\n   - Develop a written plan for identifying and disseminating best practices.\n\nConclusion: While states have made progress in implementing Pre-ETS, challenges remain in funding utilization, interagency coordination, and data management. Education's continued support and clarification are essential to ensure effective implementation and better outcomes for students with disabilities.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the implementation of pre-employment transition services (Pre-ETS) under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) by state vocational rehabilitation (VR) agencies. It highlights the progress made, challenges encountered, and the role of the Department of Education (Education) in addressing these challenges.\n\n**Key Findings:**\n1. **Expansion of Services**: Most state VR agencies have expanded services for students with disabilities since WIOA's enactment in 2014. They have increased the number of students served and introduced new programs, such as paid work experiences and after-school services.\n\n2. **Challenges in Implementation**:\n   - **Funding Utilization**: Many states have not fully utilized the funds reserved for Pre-ETS. In fiscal year 2016, states expended approximately $357 million out of $465 million reserved.\n   - **Interagency Coordination**: Less than half of the state VR agencies have updated their interagency agreements with state educational agencies, hindering coordination and collaboration.\n   - **Data Collection and Tracking**: States face difficulties in collecting and tracking data on Pre-ETS, particularly for students who have not applied for VR services.\n\n3. **Education's Role**:\n   - **Guidance and Technical Assistance**: Education has provided guidance and technical assistance through webinars, conference calls, and technical assistance centers like WINTAC and NTACT.\n   - **Monitoring and Compliance**: Education conducts periodic monitoring visits to assess compliance and provide feedback, but the process is lengthy, covering all states by 2021.\n\n4. **Recommendations**:\n   - Establish timeframes for providing additional guidance on allowable expenditures.\n   - Take additional steps to assist states in updating interagency agreements.\n   - Develop a written plan for identifying and disseminating best practices.\n\n**Conclusion**: While states have made progress in implementing Pre-ETS, challenges remain in funding utilization, interagency coordination, and data management. Education's continued support and clarification are essential to ensure effective implementation and better outcomes for students with disabilities.", "answers": ["WIOA requires states to reserve at least 15 percent of their total State Vocational Rehabilitation Services program funds to provide pre-employment transition services to help students with disabilities transition from school to work. GAO was asked to review how states were implementing these services. This report examines (1) steps states reported taking to implement pre-employment transition services, and (2) implementation challenges states reported and how Education has addressed them. GAO reviewed documents and funding data from Education, and federal laws and regulations; surveyed all 79 state VR agencies (74 responded); held discussion groups with representatives of 29 state VR agencies; and interviewed officials from Education and three states (Idaho, Illinois, and Maryland) GAO selected for variety in size and type of agencies, among other factors. Of the 74 state vocational rehabilitation (VR) agencies that responded to GAO's survey, most reported expanding services to help students with disabilities transition from school to work as required under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), enacted in July 2014. Most state agencies reported serving more students and providing work-based learning experiences and other activities, referred to as pre-employment transition services (see figure). State VR agencies reported two key challenges with implementing pre-employment transition services for students as required by WIOA. Spending reserved funds : States reported spending about $357 million out of the $465 million reserved for these services in fiscal year 2016. Education officials said that states had difficulty determining what expenditures were allowable, and some state officials said they would like more detailed information from Education. Education officials said they plan to clarify guidance but have no timeframe for providing further information, which would help states to better plan their use of reserved funds. Finalizing interagency agreements : Fewer than half the state VR agencies that responded to GAO's survey (34 of 74) reported updating their interagency agreement with their state's educational agency. Interagency agreements can help promote collaboration by, for example, establishing roles and responsibilities of each agency. Although Education offers technical assistance on interagency agreements, without increased efforts to raise awareness about the importance of these agreements and provide assistance to states where needed, Education may miss opportunities to help state VR and educational agencies efficiently and effectively coordinate services. In addition, WIOA requires Education to highlight best state practices, and most VR agencies responding to GAO's survey (63 of 74) reported this would be useful. Education does not have a written plan or timeframe for identifying and disseminating best practices. As a result, Education may miss opportunities to help more students with disabilities successfully transition from school to work. GAO is recommending that Education (1) establish timeframes for providing additional information on allowable expenditures, (2) take additional steps to assist states that have not updated and finalized their interagency agreements, and (3) develop a written plan with specific timeframes and activities for identifying and disseminating best practices. Education agreed with the first recommendation and disagreed with the other two. GAO revised the second recommendation and maintains that specific information is needed for the third, as discussed in the report."], "length": 65716, "E2E_time": 14.877696027979255, "context_token": 11574}
{"pred": " The report provides a comprehensive overview of the Medicare program, detailing its structure, funding, services, and challenges. Established in 1965, Medicare serves approximately one in six Americans, covering about 61 million individuals in 2019. The program consists of four parts: Part A (Hospital Insurance), Part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance), Part C (Medicare Advantage), and Part D (Prescription Drug Coverage). Each part is funded differently, with Part A primarily through payroll taxes and Part B through general revenues and premiums. The report highlights the financial challenges Medicare faces, including the projected insolvency of the HI trust fund by 2026 and the increasing financial demands on the federal budget. It also discusses ongoing reforms and legislative actions aimed at addressing these challenges, such as the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA) and the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Additionally, the report outlines the various sources of additional coverage available to Medicare beneficiaries, such as employer plans, Medigap, and Medicaid, emphasizing the importance of supplementary insurance to cover gaps in Medicare's coverage.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a detailed examination of the Medicare program, which serves approximately one in six Americans, covering about 61 million individuals in 2019. Established in 1965, Medicare is structured into four parts: Part A (Hospital Insurance), funded primarily by payroll taxes; Part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance), financed through general revenues and premiums; Part C (Medicare Advantage), a private plan option; and Part D (Prescription Drug Coverage). The program faces significant financial challenges, including the projected insolvency of the Hospital Insurance (HI) trust fund by 2026 and rising costs. Legislative reforms, such as the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA) and the Affordable Care Act (ACA), aim to address these issues through payment reforms and expanded benefits. Additionally, the report highlights the importance of supplementary coverage, like Medigap, employer plans, and Medicaid, to fill gaps in Medicare's coverage.", "answers": ["Medicare is a federal program that pays for covered health care services of qualified beneficiaries. It was established in 1965 under Title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide health insurance to individuals 65 and older, and has been expanded over the years to include permanently disabled individuals under the age of 65. Medicare, which consists of four parts (A-D), covers hospitalizations, physician services, prescription drugs, skilled nursing facility care, home health visits, and hospice care, among other services. Generally, individuals are eligible for Medicare if they or their spouse worked for at least 40 quarters in Medicare-covered employment, are 65 years old, and are a citizen or permanent resident of the United States. Individuals may also qualify for coverage if they are a younger person who cannot work because they have a medical condition that is expected to last at least one year or result in death, or have end-stage renal disease (permanent kidney failure requiring dialysis or transplant). The program is administered by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and by private entities that contract with CMS to provide claims processing, auditing, and quality oversight services. In FY2019, the program is expected to cover approximately 61 million persons (52 million aged and 9 million disabled) at a total cost of about $772 billion. Spending under the program (except for a portion of administrative costs) is considered mandatory spending and is not subject to the annual appropriations process. Services provided under Parts A and B (also referred to as \"original\" or \"traditional\" Medicare) are generally paid directly by the government on a \"fee-for-service\" basis, using different prospective payment systems or fee schedules. Under Parts C and D, private insurers are paid a monthly \"capitated\" amount to provide enrollees with required benefits. Medicare is required to pay for all covered services provided to eligible persons, so long as specific criteria are met. Since 1965, the Medicare program has undergone considerable change. For example, during the 111th Congress, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA; P.L. 111-148 and P.L. 111-152) made numerous changes to the Medicare program that modified provider reimbursements, provided incentives to increase the quality and efficiency of care, and enhanced certain Medicare benefits. In the 114th Congress, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA; P.L. 114-10) changed the method for calculating updates to Medicare payment rates to physicians and altered how physicians and other practitioners will be paid in the future. Projections of future Medicare expenditures and funding indicate that the program will place increasing financial demands on the federal budget and on beneficiaries. For example, the Hospital Insurance (Part A) trust fund is projected to become insolvent in 2026. Additionally, although the Supplementary Medical Insurance (Parts B and D) trust fund is financed in large part through federal general revenues and cannot become insolvent, associated spending growth is expected to put increasing strains on the country's competing spending priorities. As such, Medicare is expected to be a high-priority issue in the current Congress, and Congress may consider a variety of Medicare reform options ranging from further modifications of provider payment mechanisms to redesigning the entire program. This report provides a general overview of the Medicare program including descriptions of the program's history, eligibility criteria, covered services, provider payment systems, and program administration and financing. A list of commonly used acronyms, as well as information on beneficiary cost sharing, may be found in the appendixes."], "length": 85740, "E2E_time": 11.14790462097153, "context_token": 17417}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of the U.S. foreign aid program, detailing its evolution, objectives, funding, and the role of Congress. It highlights the transformation of foreign aid since September 11, 2001, emphasizing its role in national security alongside defense and diplomacy. The report outlines the various types of aid, including bilateral development, multilateral, humanitarian, and military assistance, and discusses their respective funding sources and implementing agencies. It also examines the challenges in tracking nontraditional aid and the impact of U.S. aid compared to other donors. The summary underscores the importance of foreign aid in achieving U.S. strategic goals and the ongoing debates over its size, composition, and purpose.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive overview of the U.S. foreign aid program, tracing its evolution and examining its role in national security, particularly post-September 11, 2001. It highlights the program's objectives, funding mechanisms, and the involvement of Congress. The report categorizes aid into types such as bilateral development, multilateral, humanitarian, and military assistance, detailing their funding sources and implementing agencies. It also addresses challenges in tracking nontraditional aid and compares U.S. aid to that of other donors. The summary emphasizes the significance of foreign aid in achieving U.S. strategic goals and the ongoing debates regarding its scope and purpose.", "answers": ["Foreign assistance is the largest component of the international affairs budget and is viewed by many as an essential instrument of U.S. foreign policy. On the basis of national security, commercial, and humanitarian rationales, U.S. assistance flows through many federal agencies and supports myriad objectives. These include promoting economic growth, reducing poverty, improving governance, expanding access to health care and education, promoting stability in conflict regions, countering terrorism, promoting human rights, strengthening allies, and curbing illicit drug production and trafficking. Since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, foreign aid has increasingly been associated with national security policy. At the same time, many Americans and some Members of Congress view foreign aid as an expense that the United States cannot afford given current budget deficits. In FY2017, U.S. foreign assistance, defined broadly, totaled an estimated $49.87 billion, or 1.2% of total federal budget authority. About 44% of this assistance was for bilateral economic development programs, including political/strategic economic assistance; 35% for military aid and nonmilitary security assistance; 18% for humanitarian activities; and 4% to support the work of multilateral institutions. Assistance can take the form of cash transfers, equipment and commodities, infrastructure, or technical assistance, and, in recent decades, is provided almost exclusively on a grant rather than loan basis. Most U.S. aid is implemented by nongovernmental organizations rather than foreign governments. The United States is the largest foreign aid donor in the world, accounting for about 24% of total official development assistance from major donor governments in 2017 (the latest year for which these data are available). Key foreign assistance trends in the past decade include growth in development aid, particularly global health programs; increased security assistance directed toward U.S. allies in the anti-terrorism effort; and high levels of humanitarian assistance to address a range of crises. Adjusted for inflation, annual foreign assistance funding over the past decade was the highest it has been since the Marshall Plan in the years immediately following World War II. In FY2017, Afghanistan, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, and Egypt received the largest amounts of U.S. aid, reflecting long-standing aid commitments to Israel and Egypt, the strategic significance of Afghanistan and Iraq, and the strategic and humanitarian importance of Jordan as the crisis in neighboring Syria continues. The Near East region received 27% of aid allocated by country or region in FY2017, followed by Africa, at 25%, and South and Central Asia, at 15%. This was a significant shift from a decade prior, when Africa received 19% of aid and the Near East 34%, reflecting significant increases in HIV/AIDS-related programs concentrated in Africa between FY2007 and FY2017 and the drawdown of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. Military assistance to Iraq began to decline starting in FY2011, but growing concern about the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has reversed this trend. This report provides an overview of the U.S. foreign assistance program by answering frequently asked questions on the subject. It is intended to provide a broad view of foreign assistance over time, and will be updated periodically. For more current information on foreign aid funding levels, see CRS Report R45168, Department of State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs: FY2019 Budget and Appropriations, by Susan B. Epstein, Marian L. Lawson, and Cory R. Gill."], "length": 65875, "E2E_time": 7.45061675272882, "context_token": 13196}
{"pred": " The National Popular Vote (NPV) initiative aims to establish direct popular election of the President and Vice President without amending the Constitution. Since its launch in 2006, NPV has gained support from 14 states and the District of Columbia, totaling 189 electoral votes. The initiative relies on an interstate compact where participating states agree to allocate their electoral votes to the national popular vote winner. Despite progress, NPV faces challenges, including constitutional concerns, limited bipartisan support, and the need for 270 electoral votes to take effect. The initiative's success hinges on continued state adoptions and overcoming legal and political hurdles.\n</think>\n\nThe National Popular Vote (NPV) initiative seeks to elect the President and Vice President through a national popular vote without amending the Constitution. Launched in 2006, it has been adopted by 14 states and the District of Columbia, totaling 189 electoral votes. The initiative uses an interstate compact where participating states commit to awarding their electoral votes to the national popular vote winner. While NPV has made strides, it faces challenges such as constitutional concerns, limited bipartisan support, and the requirement to secure 270 electoral votes. Its success depends on further state adoptions and overcoming legal and political barriers.", "answers": ["The National Popular Vote (NPV) initiative proposes an agreement among the states, an interstate compact that would effectively achieve direct popular election of the President and Vice President without a constitutional amendment. It relies on the Constitution's grant of authority to the states in Article II, Section 1 to appoint presidential electors \"in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct.... \" Any state that joins the NPV compact pledges that if the compact comes into effect, its legislature will award all the state's electoral votes to the presidential ticket that wins the most popular votes nationwide, regardless of who wins in that particular state. The compact would, however, come into effect only if its success has been assured; that is, only if states controlling a majority of electoral votes (270 or more) join the compact. By early May 2019, 14 states and the District of Columbia had joined the compact. After early momentum—eight states and the District of Columbia joined the NPV Compact between 2007 and 2011—the pace of state accessions slowed through 2018. Since then, four additional states joined, bringing the total number of electoral votes controlled by NPV member states to 189. During the same period, legislation to join the compact had been introduced during the current session in at least one chamber of the legislature in 14 additional states that control an additional 150 electors. The NPV initiative emerged following the presidential election of 2000, in which one ticket gained an electoral vote majority, winning the presidency, but received fewer popular votes than its opponents. NPV grew out of subsequent discussions among scholars and activists about how to avoid similar outcomes in the future and to achieve direct popular election. Proponents of NPV assert that it would guarantee the presidential candidates who win the most popular votes nationwide will always win the presidency; that it would end the inequities of the general ticket/winner-take-all system of awarding electoral votes; and that candidates would extend their focus beyond winning the \"battleground states,\" campaigning more widely and devoting greater attention to issues of concern to other parts of the country. They further assert that NPV would accomplish this while avoiding the exacting standards set for the proposal and ratification of constitutional amendments. Opponents argue that NPV would undermine the authority of states under the Constitution and the Founders' intention that presidential elections should be both national and federal contests; that it is an admitted \"end run\" around the Constitution that would circumvent the amendment process; and that it might actually lead to more disputed presidential elections characterized by politically contentious state recounts. The NPV has also been debated on legal grounds. Some observers maintain that it must be approved by Congress, because it is an interstate compact that would affect key provisions of constitutional presidential election procedures. NPV Inc., the organization managing the initiative's advocacy campaign, responds that congressional approval is not necessary because NPV concerns the appointment of electors, a subject that falls within state constitutional authority, and that the Supreme Court has previously rejected arguments that similar compacts would impair the rights of nonmember states. Other critics claim that NPV might violate the Voting Rights Act by diluting minority voter influence and avoiding the recently invalidated preclearance requirement for election procedure changes in covered jurisdictions. In response, NPV Inc. has asserted that the compact is \"entirely consistent with the goal of the Voting Rights Act.\" This report monitors the NPV's progress in the states and will identify and analyze further developments as warranted."], "length": 69594, "E2E_time": 7.335832066833973, "context_token": 13539}
{"pred": " The report highlights the federal government's significant IT investments and the challenges faced in managing these investments effectively. Despite allocating over $96 billion for IT in fiscal year 2018, the government has experienced numerous failed IT projects, resulting in cost overruns and poor outcomes. Key issues include inadequate project management, lack of oversight, and ineffective cybersecurity measures. The report also discusses legislative efforts like FITARA and FISMA aimed at improving IT management and security. While progress has been made, many recommendations remain unimplemented, and agencies continue to struggle with data center consolidation, software license management, and cybersecurity. The report emphasizes the need for stronger CIO roles, better resource allocation, and comprehensive policy implementation to address these challenges and achieve cost savings and improved IT outcomes.\n</think>\n\nThe report underscores the federal government's substantial IT investments, with over $96 billion allocated in fiscal year 2018, yet highlights persistent challenges in managing these investments effectively. Despite significant funding, numerous IT projects have failed, leading to cost overruns and inadequate outcomes. Key issues include poor project management, insufficient oversight, and weak cybersecurity measures. The report also examines legislative initiatives such as the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) and the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA), which aim to enhance IT management and security. While some progress has been made, many recommendations remain unimplemented, and agencies continue to face challenges in areas like data center consolidation, software license management, and cybersecurity. The report stresses the importance of strengthening Chief Information Officer (CIO) roles, improving resource allocation, and implementing comprehensive policies to address these challenges and achieve cost savings and better IT outcomes.", "answers": ["The federal government plans to invest almost $96 billion in IT in fiscal year 2018. Historically, IT investments have too often failed or contributed little to mission-related outcomes. Further, increasingly sophisticated threats and frequent cyber incidents underscore the need for effective information security. As a result, GAO added two areas to its high-risk list: IT security in 1997 and the management of IT acquisitions and operations in 2015. This statement summarizes agencies' progress in improving IT management and ensuring the security of federal IT. It is primarily based on GAO's prior reports issued between February 1997 and May 2018 (and an ongoing review) on (1) CIO responsibilities, (2) agency CIOs' involvement in approving IT contracts, (3) data center consolidation efforts, (4) the management of software licenses, and (5) compliance with cybersecurity requirements. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and federal agencies have taken steps to improve the management of information technology (IT) acquisitions and operations and ensure the security of federal IT through a series of initiatives. As of May 2018, agencies had fully implemented about 61 percent of the approximately 800 IT management-related recommendations that GAO made from fiscal years 2010 through 2015. Likewise, since 2010, agencies had implemented about 66 percent of the approximately 2,700 security-related recommendations as of May 2018. Even with this progress, significant actions remain to be completed. Chief Information Officer (CIO) responsibilities . Laws such as the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) and related guidance assigned 35 key IT management responsibilities to CIOs to help address longstanding challenges. However, in a draft report on CIO responsibilities, GAO's preliminary results suggest that none of the 24 selected agencies have policies that fully address the role of their CIO, as called for by federal laws and guidance. GAO intends to recommend that OMB and each of the selected 24 agencies take actions to improve the effectiveness of CIO's implementation of their responsibilities. IT contract approval . According to FITARA, covered agencies' CIOs are required to review and approve IT contracts. Nevertheless, in January 2018, GAO reported that most of the CIOs at 22 selected agencies were not adequately involved in reviewing billions of dollars of IT acquisitions. Consequently, GAO made 39 recommendations to improve CIO oversight over IT acquisitions. Consolidating data centers . OMB launched an initiative in 2010 to reduce data centers, which was codified and expanded in FITARA. According to agencies, data center consolidation and optimization efforts have resulted in approximately $3.9 billion of cost savings through 2018. Even so, additional work remains. GAO has made 160 recommendations to OMB and agencies to improve the reporting of related cost savings and to achieve optimization targets; however, as of May 2018, 80 of the recommendations have not been fully addressed. Managing software licenses . Effective management of software licenses can help avoid purchasing too many licenses that result in unused software. In May 2014, GAO reported that better management of licenses was needed to achieve savings, and made 135 recommendations to improve such management. Four years later, 78 of the recommendations remained open. Improving the security of federal IT systems . While the government has acted to protect federal information systems, agencies need to improve security programs, cyber capabilities, and the protection of personally identifiable information. Over the last several years, GAO has made about 2,700 recommendations to agencies aimed at improving the security of federal systems and information. These recommendations identified actions for agencies to take to strengthen their information security programs and technical controls over their computer networks and systems. As of May 2018, about 800 of the information security-related recommendations had not been implemented. From fiscal years 2010 through 2015, GAO made about 800 recommendations to OMB and federal agencies to address shortcomings in IT acquisitions and operations. Since 2010, GAO also made about 2,700 recommendations to federal agencies to improve the security of federal systems. These recommendations include those to improve the implementation of CIO responsibilities, the oversight of the data center consolidation initiative, software license management efforts, and the strength of security programs and technical controls. Most agencies agreed with these recommendations, and GAO will continue to monitor their implementation."], "length": 42569, "E2E_time": 6.708761496003717, "context_token": 8046}
{"pred": " The report examines the complex history and current challenges of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnia) since the 1992-1995 war, focusing on its political system, ethnic divisions, economic struggles, and external influences. It highlights the role of the Dayton Peace Agreement in ending the war and shaping Bosnia's governance, which is divided into two ethnoterritorial entities: Republika Srpska (RS) and the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (FBiH). The report discusses ongoing issues such as political gridlock, corruption, and the influence of external powers like Russia, Turkey, and China. It also addresses the impact of migration, terrorism, and the country's aspirations for EU and NATO membership. The report concludes by outlining key questions for U.S. policymakers regarding support for reforms, countering external influence, and ensuring Bosnia's stability.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the intricate history and current challenges of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnia) since the 1992-1995 war, emphasizing its political structure, ethnic divisions, economic difficulties, and external influences. The Dayton Peace Agreement, which ended the war, is highlighted for its role in shaping Bosnia's governance, dividing it into two ethnoterritorial entities: Republika Srpska (RS) and the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (FBiH). The report outlines ongoing issues such as political gridlock, corruption, and the influence of external powers like Russia, Turkey, and China. Additionally, it examines the impact of migration, terrorism, and Bosnia's aspirations for EU and NATO membership. The report concludes by presenting key questions for U.S. policymakers regarding support for reforms, countering external influence, and ensuring Bosnia's stability.", "answers": ["Bosnia and Herzegovina (hereafter, \"Bosnia\") drew heavily on U.S. support after gaining independence from Yugoslavia in 1992. The United States helped end the Bosnian war (1992-1995), one of the most lethal conflicts in Europe since the Second World War, by leading NATO airstrikes against Bosnian Serb forces, brokering the Dayton Peace Agreement in 1995, and deploying 20,000 U.S. troops. Some Members of Congress became involved in policy debates over these measures, and Congress monitored and at times challenged the Bush and Clinton Administrations' response through numerous hearings, resolutions, and legislative proposals. Since 1995, the United States has been a major source of aid to Bosnia and firmly supports its territorial integrity. The United States also supports Bosnia's aspirations for NATO and European Union (EU) membership. Today, Bosnia faces serious challenges. Nearly 25 years after the Dayton Agreement, Bosnia continues to use part of the Agreement as its constitution, which divides the country into two ethnoterritorial entities. Critics charge that Bosnia's political system is too decentralized to enact the reforms required for NATO and EU membership. They also contend that the ethnic power-sharing arrangements and veto points embedded in numerous government bodies are sources of gridlock. Domestic and international courts have ruled against several aspects of Bosnia's constitution, yet the Bosnian government thus far has failed to implement these rulings. Since Bosnia's independence, its politics has been dominated by ethnic parties representing the country's three main groups: Bosniaks (Slavic Muslims), Croats, and Serbs. These parties have prospered under a system that critics charge lacks transparency and accountability. Critics also maintain that ethnic party leaders use divisive nationalist rhetoric to distract from serious issues affecting the country as a whole, including poverty, unemployment, and stalled political reforms. The Bosnian population exhibits low trust in political parties and the government, and disaffection toward the country's elite. U.S. and EU officials brokered several ultimately unsuccessful rounds of constitutional reform negotiations, and continue to call on Bosnia's leaders to implement reforms to make governance more efficient and effective, dismantle patronage networks, and bring Bosnia closer to EU and NATO membership. However, there is little consensus among the country's leaders on how the country should be reformed. Bosnian Serb leaders from the Serb-majority entity (Republika Srpska) have called for greater autonomy and even secession from Bosnia. Some Bosnian Croat leaders have called for partitioning Bosnia's other entity, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, to create a separate Croat-majority entity. Bosniak leaders, by contrast, generally prefer a more centralized state. Many analysts caution that any move to partition the country could lead to renewed violence, while greater decentralization could make Bosnia's government less functional. U.S. policy has long been oriented toward preserving Bosnia's statehood. Bosnia's 2018 general elections largely returned to power the same entrenched ethnic parties. Of particular concern is the election of Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Dodik to Bosnia's collective presidency. Dodik, a sharp critic of the United States and NATO, has periodically called for a referendum on Republika Srpska's secession. He is under U.S. sanctions for obstructing the Dayton Agreement. In addition to these internal challenges, U.S. and EU officials have expressed concern over external influence in the region. Russia reportedly relies on soft power, energy leverage, and \"spoiler\" tactics to influence Bosnia, particularly in the Serb-majority entity. Turkish soft power draws on Bosnia's Ottoman-era heritage and Turkey's shared religious tradition with Bosniaks. China is a more recent presence in the region, but its heavy investments and lending have prompted concern on both sides of the Atlantic. Policymakers have also expressed concern at the challenges posed by the return of Bosnians who fought with the Islamic State and Nusra Front in Syria and Iraq. Many observers contend that the United States remains a stakeholder in Bosnia's future because of its central role in resolving the conflict and shaping the postwar Bosnian state. Given the history of U.S. involvement in Bosnia, Bosnia's importance to regional stability in the Balkans, and concerns over Russian and Chinese influence in Bosnia, Members of Congress may be interested in monitoring how the country navigates its internal and external challenges. Congress may also consider future U.S. aid levels to Bosnia and the degree to which such assistance supports the long-standing U.S. policy objectives for Bosnia of territorial integrity, NATO and EU integration, energy security, and resilience against malign influence."], "length": 57520, "E2E_time": 8.293312045745552, "context_token": 11929}
{"pred": " The report examines the roles of the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the judiciary in requesting and collecting restitution for victims of federal crimes. It highlights the processes involved in identifying victims, determining losses, prosecuting cases, and enforcing restitution orders. The report also discusses the challenges faced in collecting restitution, including the inability of offenders to pay, and the use of asset forfeiture to compensate victims. Key findings include the significant amount of outstanding restitution debt, the variation in collection efforts across districts, and the lack of performance measures to assess DOJ's effectiveness in collecting restitution. The report concludes with recommendations to improve the transparency of sentencing decisions, develop performance measures for USAOs, and enhance the use of forfeited assets for victim compensation.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the roles of the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the judiciary in requesting and collecting restitution for victims of federal crimes. It outlines the processes involved in identifying victims, determining their losses, prosecuting cases, and enforcing restitution orders. The report also addresses challenges in collecting restitution, such as offenders' inability to pay, and the use of asset forfeiture to compensate victims. Key findings include a significant amount of outstanding restitution debt, variation in collection efforts across districts, and the lack of performance measures to assess DOJ's effectiveness. The report recommends improving transparency in sentencing decisions, developing performance measures for U.S. Attorneys' Offices (USAOs), and enhancing the use of forfeited assets for victim compensation.", "answers": ["One of the goals of federal criminal restitution is to restore victims of federal crimes to the position they occupied before the crime was committed by providing compensation. Various entities within the federal government are involved in the process of requesting, ordering, and collecting restitution for crime victims, including DOJ and the judiciary. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 includes a provision for GAO to review the federal criminal restitution process for fiscal years 2014 through 2016. This report addresses, among other things: (1) the extent to which information is available on restitution requested by DOJ and ordered by courts; (2) the amount of restitution debt DOJ collected and the amount that remains outstanding; and, (3) the extent to which DOJ has conducted oversight on the collection of restitution. GAO analyzed laws, policies and procedures as well as USSC data on restitution orders and DOJ data on restitution collected from fiscal years 2014 through 2016. GAO also selected a non-generalizable sample of six federal judicial districts based on restitution collections and spoke with USAO officials and federal probation officers. Officials from selected U.S. Attorney's Offices (USAO) stated that they document requests for restitution in case files and employ other internal controls, such as the use of templates and forms, throughout the prosecution process to ensure that prosecutors request restitution as appropriate. GAO's analysis of U.S. Sentencing Commission (USSC) data—an agency within the judiciary—showed that information on restitution orders was available for 95 percent of all offenders sentenced from fiscal years 2014 through 2016. Specifically, 214,578 federal offenders were sentenced during this time period and restitution was ordered for 33,158, or 15 percent, of those offenders. Collectively, courts ordered these offenders to pay $33.9 billion in restitution. Most federal offenders sentenced during these years were sentenced for immigration or drug-related offenses. In interviews, USAO officials stated that these offenses do not typically have victims requiring restitution. GAO found that data on reasons why restitution was not ordered were incomplete for 5 percent of all offenders sentenced from fiscal years 2014 through 2016. Determining why data on restitution orders are incomplete may inform the judiciary of the cause of the incomplete data and any efforts needed to improve USSC data. GAO's analysis of Department of Justice (DOJ) data showed that USAOs collected $2.95 billion in restitution debt in fiscal years 2014 through 2016, see figure below. However, at the end of fiscal year 2016, $110 billion in previously ordered restitution remained outstanding, and USAOs identified $100 billion of that outstanding debt as uncollectible due to offenders' inability to pay. DOJ identified improving debt collection—including restitution—as a major management initiative in its 2014-2018 Strategic Plan. While DOJ is developing analytical tools to monitor the collection of restitution, it has not established performance measures or goals. Performance measures and goals would allow DOJ to gauge USAOs' success in collecting restitution and, by extension, the department's success in achieving a major management initiative. GAO is making three recommendations. GAO is making one to the judiciary to determine why data on restitution orders are incomplete. GAO is making two recommendations to DOJ, including one to implement performance measures and goals for the collection of restitution. The judiciary and DOJ concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 56397, "E2E_time": 6.726459100842476, "context_token": 10407}
{"pred": " The report examines the issue of military sexual assault in the U.S. armed services from 2013 to 2016, detailing the actions taken by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Obama Administration, and Congress to address the problem. It provides a comprehensive chronology of official activities, legislative actions, and resources related to the issue.\n\nThe DOD and the Obama Administration implemented several measures to combat sexual assault, including improving training programs, enhancing reporting mechanisms, and increasing support for victims. Key actions included the establishment of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office (SAPRO), the release of annual reports on sexual assault incidents, and the introduction of new policies to hold commanders accountable for preventing sexual assault. The DOD also launched initiatives to improve the military justice system, such as the Response Systems to Adult Sexual Assault Crimes Panel, which aimed to assess and improve the handling of sexual assault cases.\n\nCongress played a significant role in addressing the issue through legislative actions. Several bills were introduced and passed, including the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2014, which included provisions to protect victims, increase accountability for offenders, and improve support services. Other notable legislation included the Combating Military Sexual Assault Act of 2013 and the Stop Pay for Violent Offenders Act, which aimed to strengthen penalties for sexual assault offenders and provide better support for victims.\n\nThe report also highlights the challenges faced in addressing military sexual assault, such as underreporting, lack of accountability, and the need for cultural change within the military. Despite progress, incidents of sexual assault continued to rise, with reports indicating a significant increase in the number of cases between 2012 and 2016. However, the DOD reported some success in increasing the number of reported incidents, which was seen as a positive step toward addressing the issue.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the ongoing efforts by the DOD, the Obama Administration, and Congress to combat military sexual assault, while acknowledging the need for continued vigilance and reform to create a safer environment for all service members.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the issue of military sexual assault in the U.S. armed services from 2013 to 2016, detailing the actions taken by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Obama Administration, and Congress to address the problem. It provides a comprehensive chronology of official activities, legislative actions, and resources related to the issue.\n\nThe DOD and the Obama Administration implemented several measures to combat sexual assault, including improving training programs, enhancing reporting mechanisms, and increasing support for victims. Key actions included the establishment of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office (SAPRO), the release of annual reports on sexual assault incidents, and the introduction of new policies to hold commanders accountable for preventing sexual assault. The DOD also launched initiatives to improve the military justice system, such as the Response Systems to Adult Sexual Assault Crimes Panel, which aimed to assess and improve the handling of sexual assault cases.\n\nCongress played a significant role in addressing the issue through legislative actions. Several bills were introduced and passed, including the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2014, which included provisions to protect victims, increase accountability for offenders, and improve support services. Other notable legislation included the Combating Military Sexual Assault Act of 2013 and the Stop Pay for Violent Offenders Act, which aimed to strengthen penalties for sexual assault offenders and provide better support for victims.\n\nThe report also highlights the challenges faced in addressing military sexual assault, such as underreporting, lack of accountability, and the need for cultural change within the military. Despite progress, incidents of sexual assault continued to rise, with reports indicating a significant increase in the number of cases between 2012 and 2016. However, the DOD reported some success in increasing the number of reported incidents, which was seen as a positive step toward addressing the issue.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the ongoing efforts by the DOD, the Obama Administration, and Congress to combat military sexual assault, while acknowledging the need for continued vigilance and reform to create a safer environment for all service members.", "answers": ["This report focuses on previous activity in Congress regarding high profile incidents of sexual assault in the military during the summer 2013 through 2016. Included are separate sections on the official responses related to these incidents by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Obama Administration, and Congress including legislation during the 113th (2013-2014) Congress and 114th Congress (2015-2016). The last section is a resource guide for sources in this report and related materials on sexual assault and prevention during this period. This report will not be updated and supersedes CRS Report R43168, Military Sexual Assault: Chronology of Activity in Congress and Related Resources. For current information regarding Congress and issues on sexual assault in the military, see CRS Report R44944, Military Sexual Assault: A Framework for Congressional Oversight, by Kristy N. Kamarck and Barbara Salazar Torreon. For legislative initiatives in the 115th Congress, see CRS Report R44923, FY2018 National Defense Authorization Act: Selected Military Personnel Issues, by Kristy N. Kamarck, Lawrence Kapp, and Barbara Salazar Torreon and CRS Report R45343, FY2019 National Defense Authorization Act: Selected Military Personnel Issues, by Bryce H. P. Mendez et al."], "length": 86926, "E2E_time": 19.245816783048213, "context_token": 22538}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG) program under the Stafford Act, detailing its purpose, eligibility criteria, funding mechanisms, and the process for requesting and appealing FMAG declarations. It also addresses frequently asked questions regarding FMAGs, including how they are requested, evaluated, and the types of assistance provided. The report explains that FMAGs are designed to provide federal support to states, local governments, and tribes for fire suppression activities, with a 25% cost-sharing requirement. It outlines the criteria for evaluating fire incidents, the cost thresholds for eligibility, the process for submitting requests, and the appeal process if a request is denied. Additionally, the report discusses the funding sources for FMAGs, their relationship with other federal disaster assistance programs, and the types of eligible expenses. It also clarifies the distinction between FMAGs and other federal fire management programs, such as those administered by the Forest Service, and explains how cooperative agreements between federal and state entities can influence the availability of FMAGs.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive overview of the Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG) program, established under the Stafford Act, which offers federal support to states, local governments, and tribes for fire suppression activities. FMAGs require a 25% cost-sharing contribution from the requesting entity. The program's eligibility is determined by evaluating the threat to lives and property, the availability of local resources, fire danger conditions, and potential economic impacts. States or tribes can request FMAGs when a fire is deemed uncontrollable and potentially catastrophic, with requests submitted to FEMA's Regional Administrators, even outside standard business hours. Written confirmation must follow within 14 days.\n\nEligibility is based on cost thresholds, which vary by state and can be individual for a single fire or cumulative for multiple fires. For example, Pennsylvania's individual threshold is $927,274, while its cumulative threshold is $2,781,822. Denied requests can be appealed within 30 days, with a 90-day review period by FEMA Headquarters. FMAGs are funded through FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund (DRF), which is not subject to budget caps, ensuring availability regardless of the fund's balance. Eligible expenses include equipment, personnel, overtime, and mitigation efforts, but exclude routine salaries.\n\nThe report also highlights the introduction of hazard mitigation grants for FMAG declarations under the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, providing up to 15% of disaster assistance funds for mitigation. It distinguishes FMAGs from other federal programs, such as those by the Forest Service, which handle suppression on federal lands, and explains how cooperative agreements can affect FMAG availability when state and federal responsibilities overlap. Overall, the report serves as a guide to understanding FMAGs, their process, and their role in wildfire management.", "answers": ["Section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (P.L. 93-288, hereinafter the Stafford Act) authorizes the President to \"declare\" a Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG). In the interest of saving time, the authority to make the declaration has been delegated to the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA's) Regional Administrators. Once issued, the FMAG declaration authorizes various forms of federal fire suppression assistance such as the provision of equipment, personnel, and grants to state, local, and tribal governments for the control, management, and mitigation of any fire on certain public or private forest land or grassland that might become a major disaster. This federal assistance requires a cost-sharing component such that state, local, and tribal governments are responsible for 25% of the expenses. This report answers frequently asked questions about FMAGs. This report will be updated as events warrant."], "length": 13786, "E2E_time": 8.449615206103772, "context_token": 2697}
{"pred": " The Indian Health Service (IHS) was established in 1955 to provide health services to American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) tribes, primarily in rural areas. IHS operates through a network of hospitals, clinics, and health stations, and also funds tribally operated facilities. In 2017, IHS allocated approximately $1.9 billion for health services. Despite efforts to recruit and retain providers, IHS faces significant challenges, including geographic isolation, limited amenities, and high vacancy rates for health care providers. Vacancy rates for physicians, nurses, and other providers in 2017 ranged from 13% to 31% across eight key areas. IHS employs various strategies to address these challenges, such as offering special salary rates, recruitment and retention incentives, loan repayment programs, and telehealth services. However, resource constraints and limited data on temporary providers hinder IHS's ability to effectively manage staffing and ensure comprehensive health services for AI/AN communities.\n</think>\n\nThe Indian Health Service (IHS) was established in 1955 to provide health services to American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) tribes, primarily in rural areas. IHS operates through a network of hospitals, clinics, and health stations, and also funds tribally operated facilities. In 2017, IHS allocated approximately $1.9 billion for health services. Despite efforts to recruit and retain providers, IHS faces significant challenges, including geographic isolation, limited amenities, and high vacancy rates for health care providers. Vacancy rates for physicians, nurses, and other providers in 2017 ranged from 13% to 31% across eight key areas. IHS employs various strategies to address these challenges, such as offering special salary rates, recruitment and retention incentives, loan repayment programs, and telehealth services. However, resource constraints and limited data on temporary providers hinder IHS's ability to effectively manage staffing and ensure comprehensive health services for AI/AN communities.", "answers": ["IHS is charged with providing health care to AI/AN people who are members or descendants of 573 tribes. According to IHS, AI/AN people born today have a life expectancy that is 5.5 years less than all races in the United States, and they die at higher rates than other Americans from preventable causes. The ability to recruit and retain a stable clinical workforce capable of providing quality and timely care is critical for IHS. GAO was asked to review provider vacancies at IHS. This report examines (1) IHS provider vacancies and challenges filling them; (2) strategies IHS has used to recruit and retain providers; and (3) strategies IHS has used to mitigate the negative effects of provider vacancies. GAO reviewed IHS human resources data for the provider positions that the agency tracks. GAO also reviewed policies, federal internal control standards, and legal authorities related to providers in federally operated IHS facilities. GAO interviewed IHS officials at the headquarters and area level and at selected facilities. GAO selected facilities based on variation in their number of direct care outpatient visits and inpatient hospital beds in 2014. Indian Health Service (IHS) data show sizeable vacancy rates for clinical care providers in the eight IHS geographic areas where the agency provides substantial direct care to American Indian/Alaska Native (AI/AN) people. The overall vacancy rate for providers—physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, certified registered nurse anesthetists, certified nurse midwives, physician assistants, dentists, and pharmacists—was 25 percent, ranging from 13 to 31 percent across the areas. IHS officials told GAO that challenges to filling these vacancies include the rural location of many IHS facilities and insufficient housing for providers. Officials said long-standing vacancies have a negative effect on patient access, quality of care, and employee morale. IHS uses multiple strategies to recruit and retain providers, including offering increased salaries for certain positions, but it still faces challenges matching local market salaries. IHS also offers other financial incentives, and has made some housing available when possible. In addition, IHS uses strategies, such as contracting with temporary providers, to maintain patient access to services and reduce provider burnout. Officials said these temporary providers are more costly than salaried employees and can interrupt patients' continuity of care. However, IHS lacks agency-wide information on the costs and number of temporary providers used at its facilities, which impedes IHS officials' ability to target its resources to address gaps in provider staffing and ensure access to health services across IHS facilities. GAO recommends that IHS obtain, on an agency-wide basis, information on temporary provider contractors, including their associated cost and number of full-time equivalents, and use this information to inform decisions about resource allocation and provider staffing. IHS concurred with GAO's recommendation."], "length": 46339, "E2E_time": 8.065736351069063, "context_token": 8987}
{"pred": " The report, conducted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), examines the U.S. Navy's attack submarine fleet, focusing on maintenance delays, operational readiness, and the associated costs. The Navy operates 51 attack submarines, with 33 Los Angeles class, 3 Seawolf class, and 15 Virginia class. These submarines are homeported in various U.S. locations and Guam. The report highlights the Navy's stringent safety culture, established after the 1963 USS Thresher disaster, which introduced the SUBSAFE program to ensure submarine safety. Despite this, the Navy faces significant maintenance delays, leading to idle time and increased operating costs. Between 2008 and 2018, attack submarines experienced 10,363 days of delays, costing over $1.5 billion. The report identifies workforce shortages, inadequate shipyard capacity, and parts shortages as key contributors to these delays. It also notes the Navy's efforts to address these issues, such as hiring more workers and developing a shipyard optimization plan, but emphasizes the need for a comprehensive business case analysis to better allocate maintenance work between public and private shipyards. The GAO recommends that the Navy conduct such an analysis to mitigate delays and improve readiness, ensuring the full utilization of its attack submarine fleet.\n</think>\n\nThe Government Accountability Office (GAO) report evaluates the U.S. Navy's attack submarine fleet, emphasizing maintenance challenges, operational readiness, and financial impacts. The Navy manages 51 attack submarines, including 33 Los Angeles class, 3 Seawolf class, and 15 Virginia class, stationed across the U.S. and Guam. The report underscores the Navy's commitment to safety, initiated after the 1963 USS Thresher tragedy, through the SUBSAFE program, which has prevented further losses. However, the fleet faces significant maintenance delays, resulting in 10,363 days of idle time and over $1.5 billion in costs from 2008 to 2018. Key factors include workforce shortages, insufficient shipyard capacity, and parts shortages. While the Navy has taken steps like hiring more workers and creating a shipyard optimization plan, the GAO recommends a comprehensive business case analysis to optimize maintenance allocation between public and private shipyards, enhancing readiness and cost efficiency.", "answers": ["According to the Navy, its 51 attack submarines provide the United States an asymmetric advantage to gather intelligence undetected, attack enemy targets, and insert special forces, among others. These capabilities make attack submarines some of the most–requested assets by the global combatant commanders. GAO was asked to review the readiness of the Navy's attack submarine force. This report discusses the extent to which the Navy (1) has experienced maintenance delays in its attack submarine fleet and costs associated with any delays; and (2) has addressed any challenges and developed mitigation plans for any maintenance delays. GAO analyzed readiness information from fiscal years 2008-2018, operating and support costs, maintenance performance, and other data; visited attack submarines and squadrons; and interviewed public and private shipyard and fleet officials. This is a public version of a classified report issued in October 2018. Information the Department of Defense deemed classified or sensitive, such as attack submarine force structure requirements and detailed data on attack submarine maintenance delays, has been omitted. The Navy has been unable to begin or complete the vast majority of its attack submarine maintenance periods on time resulting in significant maintenance delays and operating and support cost expenditures. GAO's analysis of Navy maintenance data shows that between fiscal year 2008 and 2018, attack submarines have incurred 10,363 days of idle time and maintenance delays as a result of delays in getting into and out of the shipyards. For example, the Navy originally scheduled the USS Boise to enter a shipyard for an extended maintenance period in 2013 but, due to heavy shipyard workload, the Navy delayed the start of the maintenance period. In June 2016, the USS Boise could no longer conduct normal operations and the boat has remained idle, pierside for over two years since then waiting to enter a shipyard (see figure). GAO estimated that since fiscal year 2008 the Navy has spent more than $1.5 billion in fiscal year 2018 constant dollars to support attack submarines that provide no operational capability—those sitting idle while waiting to enter the shipyards, and those delayed in completing their maintenance at the shipyards. The Navy has started to address challenges related to workforce shortages and facilities needs at the public shipyards. However, it has not effectively allocated maintenance periods among public shipyards and private shipyards that may also be available to help minimize attack submarine idle time. GAO's analysis found that while the public shipyards have operated above capacity for the past several years, attack submarine maintenance delays are getting longer and idle time is increasing. The Navy may have options to mitigate this idle time and maintenance delays by leveraging private shipyard capacity for repair work. But the Navy has not completed a comprehensive business case analysis as recommended by Department of Defense guidelines to inform maintenance workload allocation across public and private shipyards. Navy leadership has acknowledged that they need to be more proactive in leveraging potential private shipyard repair capacity. Without addressing this challenge, the Navy risks continued expenditure of operating and support funding to crew, maintain, and support attack submarines that provide no operational capability because they are delayed in getting into and out of maintenance. GAO recommends that the Navy conduct a business case analysis to inform maintenance workload allocation across public and private shipyards. The Department of Defense concurred with GAO's recommendation."], "length": 25516, "E2E_time": 7.7732669790275395, "context_token": 5034}
{"pred": " The report discusses the Aegis ballistic missile defense (BMD) program, which is a collaborative effort between the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and the Navy. The program equips Navy Aegis cruisers and destroyers with the capability to conduct BMD operations. Congress is considering whether to approve, reject, or modify the Department of Defense's acquisition strategies and funding for this program. The report provides background on the Aegis system, its variants, and its role in U.S. and allied missile defense capabilities. It also addresses issues such as the number of BMD-capable ships required, the strain on the Navy fleet due to BMD patrols, and the potential for transitioning to land-based systems like Aegis Ashore. Additionally, it covers the development of advanced interceptors, international cooperation, and technical challenges within the program.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the Aegis ballistic missile defense (BMD) program, a joint initiative between the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and the Navy, which enhances the BMD capabilities of Navy Aegis cruisers and destroyers. Congress is evaluating the Department of Defense's acquisition strategies and funding for this program. The report details the Aegis system's evolution, its variants, and its significance in U.S. and allied missile defense strategies. Key issues include the required number of BMD-capable ships, the operational strain on the Navy fleet due to BMD patrols, and the potential shift to land-based systems such as Aegis Ashore. The report also highlights advancements in interceptor technology, international collaboration, and technical challenges within the program.", "answers": ["The Aegis ballistic missile defense (BMD) program, which is carried out by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and the Navy, gives Navy Aegis cruisers and destroyers a capability for conducting BMD operations. Under the FY2020 budget submission, the number of BMD-capable Navy Aegis ships is projected to increase from 38 at the end of FY2018 to 59 at the end of FY2024. BMD-capable Aegis ships operate in European waters to defend Europe from potential ballistic missile attacks from countries such as Iran, and in in the Western Pacific and the Persian Gulf to provide regional defense against potential ballistic missile attacks from countries such as North Korea and Iran. The Aegis BMD program is funded mostly through MDA's budget. The Navy's budget provides additional funding for BMD-related efforts. MDA's proposed FY2020 budget requests a total of $1,784.2 million (i.e., about $1.8 billion) in procurement and research and development funding for Aegis BMD efforts, including funding for two Aegis Ashore sites in Poland and Romania. MDA's budget also includes operations and maintenance (O&M) and military construction (MilCon) funding for the Aegis BMD program. Issues for Congress regarding the Aegis BMD program include the following: whether to approve, reject, or modify MDA's FY2020 funding procurement and research and development funding requests for the program; required numbers of BMD-capable Aegis ships versus available numbers of BMD-capable Aegis ships; the burden that BMD operations may be placing on the Navy's fleet of Aegis ships, and whether there are alternative ways to perform BMD missions now performed by U.S. Navy Aegis ships, such as establishing more Aegis Ashore sites; burden sharing—how allied contributions to regional BMD capabilities and operations compare to U.S. naval contributions to overseas regional BMD capabilities and operations; whether to convert the Aegis test facility in Hawaii into an operational land-based Aegis BMD site; the potential for ship-based lasers, electromagnetic railguns (EMRGs), and hypervelocity projectiles (HVPs) to contribute in coming years to Navy terminal-phase BMD operations and the impact this might eventually have on required numbers of ship-based BMD interceptor missiles; and technical risk and test and evaluation issues in the Aegis BMD program."], "length": 41481, "E2E_time": 6.841215084772557, "context_token": 9248}
{"pred": " The report examines the efforts of U.S. government agencies, particularly the Departments of State, Commerce, and USDA, in promoting exports, with a focus on restrictions related to tobacco products. It highlights the agencies' responsibilities in assisting U.S. companies in entering foreign markets, including providing trade information, conducting market research, and using diplomatic tools. However, since the 1990s, Congress has restricted the use of funds for promoting tobacco exports. The report details the history of these restrictions, the agencies' implementation of them through interagency guidance cables, and the challenges faced by overseas officials in understanding and applying these restrictions consistently. It also identifies gaps in training and ambiguities in the guidance, leading to potential inconsistencies in enforcing the restrictions. The report concludes with recommendations to improve training and clarify guidance to ensure consistent implementation of the funding restrictions.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the role of U.S. government agencies, specifically the Departments of State, Commerce, and USDA, in promoting exports, with a particular emphasis on restrictions concerning tobacco products. These agencies assist U.S. companies in expanding into foreign markets through various services, including trade information, market research, and diplomatic support. However, since the 1990s, Congress has imposed restrictions on using appropriated funds to promote tobacco exports. The report outlines the history of these restrictions, the agencies' efforts to implement them via interagency guidance cables, and the challenges faced by overseas officials in consistently understanding and applying these guidelines. It also highlights gaps in training and ambiguities in the guidance, which may lead to inconsistencies in enforcing the restrictions. The report concludes with recommendations to enhance training and clarify guidance to ensure consistent implementation of the funding restrictions.", "answers": ["The World Health Organization estimates that tobacco use kills over 7 million people each year, more than tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS, and malaria combined. Since the 1990s, Congress has enacted restrictions regarding the use of certain appropriated funds to promote U.S. tobacco exports. GAO was asked to review the implementation of these restrictions. This report examines (1) guidance select U.S. agencies have issued to implement these restrictions, (2) whether overseas officials from select U.S. agencies were aware of the restrictions and guidance, and (3) select U.S. agencies' implementation of the guidance overseas. GAO reviewed U.S. laws, agency guidance, and internal communications; analyzed Commerce data; and interviewed agency officials in Washington, D.C. and in 24 offices across 11 overseas posts in 9 countries. GAO selected these countries based on criteria that included U.S. tobacco export totals, smoking rates, and geographic dispersion. Congress has restricted the use of certain appropriated funding to promote tobacco exports and the Departments of State (State), Commerce (Commerce), and Agriculture (USDA) have issued interagency guidance through the cable system that they rely on to implement these restrictions. State collaborates with these and other agencies to periodically update this cable. The cable informs officials about the types of actions they should take—such as providing routine business facilitation services to all U.S. companies—and the types of actions they should not take—such as attending events sponsored by tobacco companies. Most, but not all, officials overseas that GAO interviewed were aware of the restrictions and received some guidance concerning the restrictions. However, GAO found that some officials did not recall receiving the interagency guidance cable. In addition, State and USDA's current training materials do not address the restrictions. Federal internal control standards state that appropriate training is essential to an organization's operational success. Thus, providing officials overseas with training about the funding restrictions and related guidance would help to ensure that officials are aware of the restrictions. U.S. officials overseas have implemented restrictions on promoting tobacco, but some officials said that the interagency guidance lacks clarity. Officials said that they have not promoted tobacco by, for example, attending events sponsored solely by tobacco companies. However, officials identified three areas of the guidance that are unclear: (1) attendance at events not sponsored by U.S. tobacco companies but attended by representatives of these companies; (2) the types of services officials can provide tobacco companies; and (3) the description of tobacco products, such as whether component parts for electronic cigarettes are included. Federal standards for internal control state that management should clearly document internal controls in policies and guidance to prevent officials from failing to achieve an objective or address a risk. By providing more specific guidance, the agencies would help ensure that officials consistently implement the funding restrictions on promoting tobacco. GAO recommends that (1) State and USDA include information about the funding restrictions and guidance in training materials for relevant employees and (2) State, in consultation with Commerce and USDA, assess and update the interagency guidance cable, as needed, on promoting tobacco in light of questions raised by officials at posts overseas. State and USDA concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 34441, "E2E_time": 6.195054203737527, "context_token": 6215}
{"pred": " The report, conducted by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), examines the oversight and reporting practices of five selected VA medical centers regarding providers whose clinical care raised concerns. The findings reveal significant shortcomings in documentation, timeliness of reviews, and reporting to the National Practitioner Data Bank (NPDB) and state licensing boards. Key issues include the lack of required documentation for nearly half of the 148 providers' reviews, untimely initiation of reviews, and inadequate reporting of problematic providers to regulatory bodies. The report also highlights that VHA policy lacks clear requirements for documentation and timeliness, and there is insufficient oversight by VHA networks. GAO recommends that VHA strengthen documentation requirements, establish timeliness standards, enhance oversight, and improve reporting processes. VA has concurred with these recommendations and plans to revise policies and audit tools to address these gaps.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report evaluates the oversight and reporting practices of five VA medical centers concerning providers with clinical care concerns. Key findings include inadequate documentation for nearly half of the 148 providers' reviews, delayed initiation of reviews, and insufficient reporting to the National Practitioner Data Bank (NPDB) and state licensing boards. VHA policy lacks clear requirements for documentation, timeliness, and oversight, leading to gaps in ensuring provider accountability. GAO recommends enhancing documentation, establishing timeliness standards, improving oversight, and strengthening reporting processes. The VA has agreed to these recommendations and plans to revise policies and audit tools to address these issues.", "answers": ["This testimony summarizes the information contained in GAO's November 2017 report, entitled VA Health Care: Improved Policies and Oversight Needed for Reviewing and Reporting Providers for Quality and Safety Concerns ( GAO-18-63 ). Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical center (VAMC) officials are responsible for reviewing the clinical care delivered by their privileged providers—physicians and dentists who are approved to independently perform specific services—after concerns are raised. The five VAMCs GAO selected for review collectively required review of 148 providers from October 2013 through March 2017 after concerns were raised about their clinical care. GAO found that these reviews were not always documented or conducted in a timely manner. GAO identified these providers by reviewing meeting minutes from the committee responsible for requiring these types of reviews at the respective VAMCs, and through interviews with VAMC officials. The selected VAMCs were unable to provide documentation of these reviews for almost half of the 148 providers. Additionally, the VAMCs did not start the reviews of 16 providers for 3 months to multiple years after the concerns were identified. GAO found that VHA policies do not require documentation of all types of clinical care reviews and do not establish timeliness requirements. GAO also found that the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) does not adequately oversee these reviews at VAMCs through its Veterans Integrated Service Networks (VISN), which are responsible for overseeing the VAMCs. Without documentation and timely reviews of providers' clinical care, VAMC officials may lack information needed to reasonably ensure that VA providers are competent to provide safe, high quality care to veterans and to make appropriate decisions about these providers' privileges. GAO also found that from October 2013 through March 2017, the five selected VAMCs did not report most of the providers who should have been reported to the National Practitioner Data Bank (NPDB) or state licensing boards (SLB) in accordance with VHA policy. The NPDB is an electronic repository for critical information about the professional conduct and competence of providers. GAO found that selected VAMCs did not report to the NPDB eight of nine providers who had adverse privileging actions taken against them or who resigned during an investigation related to professional competence or conduct, as required by VHA policy, and none of these nine providers had been reported to SLBs. GAO found that officials at the selected VAMCs misinterpreted or were not aware of VHA policies and guidance related to NPDB and SLB reporting processes resulting in providers not being reported. GAO also found that VHA and the VISNs do not conduct adequate oversight of NPDB and SLB reporting practices and cannot reasonably ensure appropriate reporting of providers. As a result, VHA's ability to provide safe, high quality care to veterans is hindered because other VAMCs, as well as non-VA health care entities, will be unaware of serious concerns raised about a provider's care. For example, GAO found that after one VAMC failed to report to the NPDB or SLBs a provider who resigned to avoid an adverse privileging action, a non-VA hospital in the same city took an adverse privileging action against that same provider for the same reason 2 years later."], "length": 11102, "E2E_time": 4.693380920216441, "context_token": 2047}
{"pred": " The Congressional Review Act (CRA) allows Congress to review and potentially overturn certain federal agency actions classified as \"rules.\" Enacted in 1996, the CRA requires agencies to submit rules to Congress, which can then use expedited procedures to pass a joint resolution of disapproval. The CRA's definition of \"rule\" is broader than that under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), encompassing not only formal regulations but also guidance documents and other agency statements. This broader scope means that some agency actions not subject to APA's notice-and-comment rulemaking can still be overturned under the CRA.\n\nThe CRA's process involves agencies submitting rules to Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO). If a rule is deemed \"major,\" GAO must assess its compliance with procedural steps. Congress can then introduce a joint resolution of disapproval, which, if passed by both houses and signed by the President, overturns the rule. The CRA also prohibits agencies from reissuing a rule in \"substantially the same form\" without subsequent authorization.\n\nGAO plays a key role in determining whether agency actions qualify as rules under the CRA, especially when agencies fail to submit them. GAO opinions have been instrumental in allowing Congress to use the CRA's expedited procedures, even when rules were not initially submitted. The CRA's provisions are designed to enhance congressional oversight and provide a check on agency rulemaking.\n\nThe report details the CRA's mechanisms, the types of agency actions subject to review, and the role of GAO in facilitating congressional oversight. It highlights the CRA's impact on federal agency actions and the importance of understanding its application in contemporary governance.\n</think>\n\nThe Congressional Review Act (CRA) enables Congress to review and potentially overturn federal agency actions classified as \"rules.\" Enacted in 1996, the CRA requires agencies to submit rules to Congress, which can then use expedited procedures to pass a joint resolution of disapproval. The CRA's definition of \"rule\" is broader than under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), including guidance documents and other agency statements, even if they bypass APA's notice-and-comment rulemaking.\n\nThe CRA process involves agencies submitting rules to Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO). For major rules, GAO assesses compliance with procedural steps. Congress can introduce a joint resolution of disapproval, which, if passed and signed by the President, overturns the rule. The CRA also prohibits reissuing a rule in \"substantially the same form\" without subsequent authorization.\n\nGAO plays a crucial role in determining if agency actions qualify as rules, especially when agencies fail to submit them. GAO opinions facilitate Congress's use of expedited procedures, even when rules are not initially submitted. The CRA enhances congressional oversight and provides a check on agency rulemaking.\n\nThe report outlines the CRA's mechanisms, the types of agency actions subject to review, and GAO's role in facilitating oversight, highlighting its impact on federal governance.", "answers": ["The Congressional Review Act (CRA) allows Congress to review certain types of federal agency actions that fall under the statutory category of \"rules.\" The CRA requires that agencies report their rules to Congress and provides special procedures under which Congress can consider legislation to overturn those rules. A joint resolution of disapproval will become effective once both houses of Congress pass a joint resolution and it is signed by the President, or if Congress overrides the President's veto. The CRA generally adopts a broad definition of the word \"rule\" from the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), defining a rule as \"the whole or a part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect designed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy or describing the organization, procedure, or practice requirements of an agency.\" The CRA, however, provides three exceptions to this broad definition: any rule of particular applicability, including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefor, corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; any rule relating to agency management or personnel; or any rule of agency organization, procedure, or practice that does not substantially affect the rights or obligations of non-agency parties. The class of rules the CRA covers is broader than the category of rules that are subject to the APA's notice-and-comment requirements. As such, some agency actions, such as guidance documents, that are not subject to notice-and-comment rulemaking procedures may still be considered rules under the CRA and thus could be overturned using the CRA's procedures. The effect of Congress disapproving a rule that is not subject to notice-and-comment rulemaking may be subject to debate, given that such rules are generally viewed to lack any legal effect in the first place. Nonetheless, the CRA does encompass some such rules, as highlighted by the recent enactment of a CRA resolution overturning a bulletin from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that was not subject to the notice-and-comment procedures. Even if an agency action falls under the CRA's definition of \"rule,\" however, the expedited procedures for considering legislation to overturn the rule only become available when the agency submits the rule to Congress. In many cases in which agencies take actions that fall under the scope of a \"rule\" but have not gone through notice-and-comment rulemaking procedures, agencies fail to submit those rules. Thus, questions have arisen as to how Members can avail themselves of the CRA's special fast-track procedures if the agency has not submitted the action to Congress. To protect its prerogative to review agency rules under the CRA, Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) have developed an ad hoc process in which Members can request that GAO provide a formal legal opinion on whether a particular agency action qualifies as a rule under the CRA. If GAO concludes that the action in question falls within the CRA's definition of \"rule,\" Congress has treated the publication of the GAO opinion in the Congressional Record as constructive submission of the rule. In other words, an affirmative opinion from GAO can allow Congress to use the CRA procedures to consider legislation overturning an agency action despite the agency not submitting that action to Congress."], "length": 77730, "E2E_time": 12.864701673854142, "context_token": 15514}
{"pred": " The report discusses the challenges faced by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in aligning its medical facilities and services to meet the needs of veterans. Key issues include geographic shifts in the veteran population, the transition from inpatient to outpatient care, aging infrastructure, and limited stakeholder involvement. The VA has a significant number of vacant or underutilized buildings, many of which are historic and costly to renovate or demolish. The report also highlights the limitations of VA's planning processes, such as the Strategic Capital Investment Planning (SCIP) and the VA Integrated Planning (VAIP), which have delays and subjective narratives. Additionally, the report suggests that VA could benefit from adopting a process similar to the Department of Defense's Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process, which includes establishing clear goals, developing evaluation criteria, estimating costs and savings, and involving stakeholders. The report concludes with recommendations for VA to improve its facility alignment efforts and stakeholder engagement.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the challenges the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) faces in aligning its medical facilities and services to meet the needs of veterans. Key issues include geographic shifts in the veteran population, the transition from inpatient to outpatient care, aging infrastructure, and limited stakeholder involvement. The VA has a significant number of vacant or underutilized buildings, many of which are historic and costly to renovate or demolish. The report also highlights the limitations of VA's planning processes, such as the Strategic Capital Investment Planning (SCIP) and the VA Integrated Planning (VAIP), which have delays and subjective narratives. Additionally, the report suggests that VA could benefit from adopting a process similar to the Department of Defense's Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process, which includes establishing clear goals, developing evaluation criteria, estimating costs and savings, and involving stakeholders. The report concludes with recommendations for VA to improve its facility alignment efforts and stakeholder engagement.", "answers": ["VA operates one of the largest health care systems in the United States, utilizing more than 6,000 federally owned and 1,500 leased buildings. DOD has repeatedly applied the BRAC process to reduce the amount of unneeded property that it owns and leases and to save billions of dollars that could be applied to higher priority defense needs. This statement is based on GAO's April 2017 report related to VA facility alignment ( GAO-17-349 ) and numerous GAO reports related to the BRAC process as summarized in a June 2011 testimony ( GAO-11-704T ) and a March 2012 testimony ( GAO-12-513T ). This statement addresses (1) the factors that affect VA's facility alignment and the extent to which VA's capital-planning process facilitates the alignment of facilities with the veterans' population, and (2) the key elements and challenges affecting DOD and the Commission in BRAC 2005. Detailed information on our scope and methodologies for this work can be found in these published products, cited throughout this testimony. Geographic shifts in the veterans' population, changes in health care delivery, aging infrastructure, and limited stakeholder involvement affect the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) efforts to align its services and real property portfolio to meet the needs of veterans. For example, a shift over time from inpatient to outpatient care will likely result in underutilized space once used for inpatient care. Further, the historic status of some VA facilities adds to the complexity of converting or disposing of them. In such instances, it is often difficult and costly for VA to modernize, renovate, and retrofit these older facilities. GAO reported that two of the planning processes VA uses to align its facilities—VA's Strategic Capital Investment Planning (SCIP) and the VA Integrated Planning (VAIP)—have limitations that undermine VA's efforts to achieve its goals. Specifically: VA relies on the SCIP process to plan and prioritize capital projects, but VA routinely asks its facility planners to submit their next year's planned project narratives before knowing if their previous submissions have been funded. The overlapping budget cycle, which is outside of VA's control, combined with other SCIP limitations—including subjective narratives, long time frames, and restricted access to information—make it difficult for VA to rely on SCIP to accurately identify the capital necessary to address its service and infrastructure gaps. VA concurred that it needs to address SCIP limitations that are within its control, as GAO recommended; VA has made some progress in implementing the recommendation has made some progress in implementing the recommendation.\\ The VAIP process is estimated to cost $108 million and to produce market-level service delivery plans and facility master plans. However, the VAIP master plans incorrectly assume that all future growth in services will be provided directly through VA facilities without considering alternatives, such as purchasing care from the community. GAO recommended that VA consider discontinuing the VAIP facility master plans pending an assessment of their value as a facility-planning tool. VA agreed with the recommendation and is implementing it while pursuing a national realignment strategy.. Key elements of the Department of Defense's (DOD) 2005 Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process could benefit VA's asset and infrastructure review. The key elements included: (1) establishing goals for the process, (2) developing criteria for evaluating closures and realignments, and (3) establishing an organizational structure to develop closure and realignment options. GAO identified key challenges that affected DOD's implementation of BRAC 2005 and the results achieved; these challenges would need to be addressed if VA is to successfully apply the process. These challenges included: (1) large, complex recommendations required sustained senior leadership's attention and a high level of coordination among many stakeholders, and (2) the large number of actions that depend on each other for successful implementation. In the April 2017 report, GAO made recommendations related to capital planning and stakeholder involvement. VA concurred with the recommendations to the extent that they were within its control and has started making improvements."], "length": 17241, "E2E_time": 6.013599084690213, "context_token": 3238}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) efforts to modernize the financial management systems of its TRIO components—Coast Guard, TSA, and DNDO—through the TRIO project. It highlights the challenges faced, including delays, cost overruns, and issues with risk management. The report also evaluates the alternatives analysis (AA) processes and finds that while DNDO's process was robust, Coast Guard's and TSA's did not fully adhere to best practices, increasing the risk of selecting suboptimal solutions. Recommendations are made to improve future AAs and risk management processes.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) TRIO project, aimed at modernizing the financial management systems of its Coast Guard, Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO) components. The project faced significant challenges, including delays, cost overruns, and issues with risk management. The analysis of alternatives (AA) processes conducted by the TRIO components was assessed against best practices, revealing that while DNDO's process was comprehensive, Coast Guard's and TSA's did not fully meet the required standards, increasing the risk of selecting less-than-optimal solutions. The report concludes with recommendations to enhance future AAs and improve risk management practices to ensure the success of financial system modernization efforts.", "answers": ["To help address long-standing financial management system deficiencies, DHS initiated its TRIO project, which has focused on migrating three of its components to a modernized financial management system provided by IBC, an OMB-designated, federal SSP. House Report Number 3128 included a provision for GAO to assess the risks of DHS using IBC in connection with its modernization efforts. This report examines (1) the extent to which DHS and the TRIO components followed best practices in analyzing alternatives, and the key factors, metrics, and processes used in their choice of a modernized financial management system; (2) the extent to which DHS managed the risks of using IBC for its TRIO project consistent with risk management best practices; and (3) the key factors and challenges that have impacted the TRIO project and DHS's plans for completing remaining key priorities. GAO interviewed key officials, reviewed relevant documents, and determined whether DHS followed best practices identified by GAO as necessary characteristics of a reliable, high-quality AOA process and other risk management best practices. The Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) TRIO project represents a key effort to address long-standing financial management system deficiencies. During 2012 and 2013, the TRIO components—U.S. Coast Guard (Coast Guard), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO)—each completed an alternatives analysis (AA) to determine a preferred alternative for modernizing its financial management system. GAO found that DNDO's AA substantially met the four characteristics—well-documented, comprehensive, unbiased, and credible—that GAO previously identified for a reliable, high-quality analysis of alternatives (AOA) process. However, Coast Guard's and TSA's AAs did not fully or substantially meet three of these characteristics, and DHS guidance for conducting AAs did not substantially incorporate certain best practices, such as identifying significant risks and mitigation strategies and performing an independent review to help validate the AOA process. Based on these analyses and other factors, the TRIO components determined that migrating to a federal shared service provider (SSP) represented the best alternative, and in 2014, DHS selected the Department of the Interior's Interior Business Center (IBC) as the federal SSP for the project. However, because Coast Guard's and TSA's AAs did not fully or substantially reflect all of the characteristics noted above, they are at increased risk that the alternative selected may not achieve mission needs. DHS also did not fully follow best practices for managing project risks related to its use of IBC on the TRIO project. Specifically, DHS followed three of seven risk management best practices, such as determining risk sources and categories and establishing a risk management strategy. However, it did not fully follow four best practices for defining risk parameters, identifying risks, developing risk mitigation plans, and implementing these plans largely because its guidance did not sufficiently address these best practices. For example, although DHS created joint teams with IBC and provided additional resources to IBC to help address risk mitigation concerns, it did not always develop sufficiently detailed risk mitigation plans that also included contingency plans for selected critical risks. As a result, although IBC's capacity and experience for migrating large agencies the size of Coast Guard and TSA was identified as a risk in July 2014, a contingency plan working group to address this concern was not established until January 2017. By not fully following risk management best practices, DHS is at increased risk that potential problems may not be identified or properly mitigated. DHS, IBC, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), and other federal oversight agencies identified various challenges that have impacted the TRIO project and contributed to a 2-year delay in the implementation of Coast Guard's and TSA's modernized solutions. These challenges include the lack of sufficient resources, aggressive schedule, complex requirements, increased costs, and project management and communication concerns. To help address these challenges, DHS and IBC established review teams and have taken other steps to assess potential mitigating steps. In May 2017, DHS determined that migrating the solution from IBC to a DHS data center represented the best option and initiated discovery efforts to further assess this as its path forward for the TRIO project. GAO recommends that DHS more fully follow best practices for conducting an AOA process and managing risks. DHS concurred with GAO's recommendations and described actions it will take, or has taken, in response."], "length": 71870, "E2E_time": 7.369481108151376, "context_token": 13082}
{"pred": " The report examines the implementation and effects of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) in the United States. FATCA aims to prevent tax evasion by requiring foreign financial institutions (FFIs) to report detailed information about U.S. account holders to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Key findings include challenges in obtaining accurate Taxpayer Identification Numbers (TINs) from FFIs, which hinders IRS's ability to match reported accounts with individual tax filers. Additionally, the report highlights the overlap between FATCA and the Bank Secrecy Act's FBAR requirements, leading to duplicative reporting and increased burdens for taxpayers. The study also identifies issues faced by U.S. persons living abroad, such as difficulties accessing foreign financial services and obtaining Social Security Numbers (SSNs). Recommendations include developing a comprehensive plan to leverage FATCA data, improving data quality and accessibility, and establishing interagency collaboration to address challenges faced by expatriates.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the implementation and impacts of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), which aims to combat tax evasion by requiring foreign financial institutions (FFIs) to report detailed information on U.S. account holders to the IRS. Key challenges include difficulties in obtaining accurate Taxpayer Identification Numbers (TINs) from FFIs, hindering IRS's ability to match accounts with individual tax filers. The report also highlights the overlap between FATCA and FBAR requirements, causing duplicative reporting and increased taxpayer burdens. Additionally, U.S. persons living abroad face issues such as limited access to foreign financial services and difficulties obtaining SSNs. Recommendations include developing a comprehensive plan to leverage FATCA data, enhancing data quality and accessibility, and fostering interagency collaboration to address challenges faced by expatriates.", "answers": ["Concerns over efforts by U.S. taxpayers to use offshore accounts to hide income or evade taxes contributed to the passage of FATCA in 2010, which sought to create greater transparency and accountability over offshore assets held by U.S. taxpayers. House Report 114-624 included a provision for GAO to evaluate FATCA implementation and determine the effects of FATCA on U.S. citizens living abroad. GAO—among other things—(1) assessed IRS's efforts to use FATCA-related information to improve taxpayer compliance; (2) examined the extent to which Treasury administers overlapping reporting requirements on financial assets held overseas; and (3) examined the effects of FATCA implementation unique to U.S. persons living abroad. GAO reviewed applicable documentation; analyzed tax data; and interviewed officials from IRS, other federal agencies and organizations, selected tax practitioners, and more than 20 U.S. persons living overseas. Data quality and management issues have limited the effectiveness of the Internal Revenue Service's (IRS) efforts to improve taxpayer compliance using foreign financial asset data collected under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). Specifically, IRS has had difficulties matching the information reported by foreign financial institutions (FFI) with U.S. taxpayers' tax filings due to missing or inaccurate Taxpayer Identification Numbers provided by FFIs. Further, IRS lacks access to consistent and complete data on foreign financial assets and other data reported in tax filings by U.S. persons, in part, because some IRS databases do not store foreign asset data reported from paper filings. IRS has also stopped pursuing a comprehensive plan to leverage FATCA data to improve taxpayer compliance because, according to IRS officials, IRS moved away from updating broad strategy documents to focus on individual compliance campaigns. Ensuring access to consistent and complete data collected from U.S. persons—and employing a plan to leverage such data—would help IRS better leverage such campaigns and increase taxpayer compliance. Due to overlapping statutory reporting requirements, IRS and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)—both within the Department of the Treasury (Treasury)—collect duplicative foreign financial account and other asset information from U.S. persons. Consequently, in tax years 2015 and 2016, close to 75 percent of U.S. persons who reported information on foreign accounts and other assets on their tax returns also filed a separate form with FinCEN. The overlapping requirements increase the compliance burden on U.S. persons and add complexity that can create confusion, potentially resulting in inaccurate or unnecessary reporting. Modifying the statutes governing the requirements to allow for the sharing of FATCA information for the prevention and detection of financial crimes would eliminate the need for duplicative reporting. This is similar to other statutory allowances for IRS to disclose return information for other purposes, such as for determining Social Security income tax withholding. According to documents GAO reviewed, and focus groups and interviews GAO conducted, FFIs closed some U.S. persons' existing accounts or denied them opportunities to open new accounts after FATCA was enacted due to increased costs, and risks they pose under FATCA reporting requirements. According to Department of State (State) data, annual approvals of renunciations of U.S. citizenship increased from 1,601 to 4,449—or nearly 178 percent—from 2011 through 2016, attributable in part to the difficulties cited above. Treasury previously established joint strategies with State to address challenges U.S. persons faced in accessing foreign financial services. However, it lacks a collaborative mechanism to coordinate efforts with other agencies to address ongoing challenges in accessing such services or obtaining Social Security Numbers. Implementation of a formal means to collaboratively address burdens faced by Americans abroad from FATCA can help federal agencies develop more effective solutions to mitigate such burdens by monitoring and sharing information on such issues, and jointly developing and implementing steps to address them. GAO is making one matter for congressional consideration to address overlap in foreign asset reporting requirements. GAO is making seven recommendations to IRS and other agencies to enhance IRS's ability to leverage FATCA data to enforce compliance, address unnecessary reporting, and better collaborate to mitigate burdens on U.S. persons living abroad. State and Social Security Administration agreed with GAO's recommendations. Treasury and IRS neither agreed nor disagreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 88968, "E2E_time": 9.877345223911107, "context_token": 17179}
{"pred": " The report provides a comprehensive overview of the funding allocated by Congress for war-related and international emergency or contingency operations since FY2001, totaling approximately $2 trillion. This funding includes $1.8 trillion for the Department of Defense (DOD), $154 billion for the Department of State and USAID, and $3 billion for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Coast Guard. The report highlights the use of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) and Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) designations to exempt funding from budget caps under the Budget Control Act (BCA) of 2011. It discusses the evolution of OCO funding, its allocation across various military and foreign affairs activities, and the debate over its appropriate use. The report also examines the challenges in accurately tracking and reporting OCO costs, as well as the implications of relying on OCO funding for enduring activities. It concludes with considerations for Congress regarding future budgetary decisions and the potential need to reform the use of OCO funding to better align with strategic priorities and budgetary constraints.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive overview of the funding allocated by Congress for war-related and international emergency or contingency operations since FY2001, totaling approximately $2 trillion. This funding includes $1.8 trillion for the Department of Defense (DOD), $154 billion for the Department of State and USAID, and $3 billion for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Coast Guard. The report highlights the use of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) and Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) designations to exempt funding from budget caps under the Budget Control Act (BCA) of 2011. It discusses the evolution of OCO funding, its allocation across various military and foreign affairs activities, and the debate over its appropriate use. The report also examines the challenges in accurately tracking and reporting OCO costs, as well as the implications of relying on OCO funding for enduring activities. It concludes with considerations for Congress regarding future budgetary decisions and the potential need to reform the use of OCO funding to better align with strategic priorities and budgetary constraints.", "answers": ["Congressional interest in Overseas Contingency Operation (OCO) funding has continued as Members debate ways of funding priorities without breaching discretionary spending limits set in law. Since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Congress has appropriated approximately $2 trillion in discretionary budget authority designated as emergency requirements or for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism (OCO/GWOT) in support of the broad U.S. government response to the 9/11 attacks and for other related international affairs activities. This figure amounts to approximately 9.4% of total discretionary spending during this period. Congress has used supplemental appropriation acts or designated funding for emergency requirements or OCO/GWOT—or both—in statute. These funds are not subject to limits on discretionary spending in congressional budget resolutions or to the statutory discretionary spending limits established by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA; P.L. 112-125). The Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (BBEDCA; P.L. 99-177) allows emergency funding to be excluded from budget control limits. The BCA added the OCO/GWOT designation to the BBEDCA exemption, thereby providing Congress and the President with an alternate way to exclude funding from the BCA spending limits. While there is no overall statutory limit on the amount of emergency or OCO/GWOT spending, both Congress and the President have fundamental roles in determining how much of the spending to provide each fiscal year. Congress must designate any such funding in statute on an account-by-account basis. The President is also required to designate it as such after it is appropriated to be available for expenditure. Debate over what should constitute OCO/GWOT or emergency activities and expenses has shifted over time, reflecting differing viewpoints about the extent, nature, and duration of U.S. military operations in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere. Funding designated for OCO/GWOT has also been used to fund base-budget requirements of the DOD and State Department and to prevent or respond to crises abroad, including armed conflict, as well as human-caused and natural disasters. Some defense officials and policymakers argue OCO funding allows for flexible response to contingencies, and provides a \"safety valve\" to the spending caps and threat of sequestration—the automatic cancellation of budget authority largely through across-the-board reductions of nonexempt programs and activities—under the BCA. Critics, however, have described OCO/GWOT as a loophole or \"gimmick\"—morphing from an account for replacing combat losses of equipment, resupplying expended munitions, and transporting troops through war zones, to a \"slush fund\" for activities unrelated to contingency operations. Congress appropriated approximately $103 billion for OCO in FY2017 (8.5% of all discretionary appropriations), $78 billion for OCO in FY2018 (5.5% of all discretionary appropriations), and $68.8 billion for OCO so far in FY2019. Discretionary appropriations for FY2019 are not yet final; a continuing resolution expired December 21, 2018. Following passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115-123), which raised discretionary budget caps for defense and foreign affairs agencies in FY2018 and FY2019, the Administration proposed shifting some OCO funding into the base, or regular, budget. Although Congress has generally not followed Administration requests for reduced funding for foreign affairs and domestic activities and has increased funding for defense, the President has asked cabinet secretaries to propose spending cuts of 5% in FY2020. Such proposals, if requested in a budget submission, may create difficult choices for Congress in FY2020 and FY2021—the final two years of the BCA discretionary spending limits. Congress's decisions on OCO/GWOT designations will affect how much agency funding is available for military operations and foreign affairs activities overseas, how much is subject to the BCA caps, and how much is incorporated into regular budgets and long-term budget projections."], "length": 65789, "E2E_time": 10.18154623080045, "context_token": 14057}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), its history of conflict, and the role of conflict minerals in perpetuating violence. It details the SEC's conflict minerals disclosure rule, which mandates companies to report on the sourcing of tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold. The report also examines the sexual violence rates in the DRC and neighboring countries, highlighting the ongoing challenges in addressing these issues. Key findings include the continued prevalence of sexual violence, the difficulties companies face in tracing the origin of conflict minerals, and the impact of the SEC rule on promoting responsible sourcing practices.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive analysis of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), its history of political instability and armed conflict, and the role of conflict minerals in sustaining violence. It highlights the SEC's conflict minerals disclosure rule, which requires companies to report on the sourcing of tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold, aiming to promote responsible sourcing and raise awareness about the human rights abuses linked to these minerals. The report also addresses the prevalence of sexual violence in the DRC and neighboring countries, presenting data from recent surveys and case studies. Key findings include the persistent challenges companies face in tracing the origin of conflict minerals, the impact of the SEC rule on encouraging due diligence, and the ongoing efforts to address sexual violence in conflict zones. The report underscores the importance of continued international and corporate efforts to mitigate the harmful effects of conflict minerals and sexual violence in the region.", "answers": ["Over the past decade, the United States and the international community have sought to improve security in the DRC. In the eastern DRC, armed groups have committed severe human rights abuses, including sexual violence, and reportedly profit from the exploitation of “conflict minerals”— in particular, tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold, according to the United Nations. Congress included a provision in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that, among other things, required the SEC to promulgate regulations regarding the use of conflict minerals from the DRC and adjoining countries. The SEC adopted these regulations in 2012. The act also included a provision for GAO to annually assess the SEC regulations' effectiveness in promoting peace and security and report on the rate of sexual violence in the DRC and adjoining countries. In this report, GAO provides information about (1) companies' conflict minerals disclosures filed with the SEC in 2017 compared with disclosures filed in the prior 2 years and (2) the rate of sexual violence in the eastern DRC and adjoining countries published in 2017 and early 2018. GAO analyzed a generalizable random sample of SEC filings and interviewed relevant officials. GAO reviewed U.S., United Nations, and international organizations' reports; interviewed DRC officials, and other stakeholders; and conducted fieldwork in New York at the United Nations headquarters. GAO is not making any recommendations. GAO's review of companies' conflict minerals disclosures filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 2017 found that, in general, they were similar to disclosures filed in the prior 2 years. In 2017, 1,165 companies filed conflict minerals disclosures—about the same as in 2016 and 2015. Percentages of companies reporting country-of-origin inquiries in 2017 were also similar to the percentages from those 2 prior years. As a result of the inquiries they conducted, an estimated 53 percent of companies reported in 2017 whether the conflict minerals in their products came from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries—similar to the estimated 49 percent in 2016 and 2015 but significantly higher than the estimate of 30 percent in 2014 (see figure). In their 2017 disclosure reports, many companies described actions they took to improve data collection processes, and most companies indicated some challenges in determining the country of origin. Similar to the prior 2 years, almost all companies required to conduct due diligence, as a result of their country-of-origin inquiries, reported doing so. After conducting due diligence to determine the source and chain of custody of any conflict minerals used, an estimated 37 percent of these companies reported in 2017 that they were able to determine that their conflict minerals came from covered countries or from scrap or recycled sources, compared with 39 and 23 percent in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Four companies in GAO's sample declared their products “DRC conflict-free,” and of those, three included the required Independent Private Sector Audit report (IPSA), and one did not. In 2017, 16 companies filed an IPSA; 19 did so in 2016. GAO found information on the rate of sexual violence in the 2017 Uganda and Burundi Demographic and Health Surveys. For Uganda, 22 percent of women and 9 percent of men reported they had experienced sexual violence at least once in their lifetime. For Burundi, 23 percent of women and 6 percent of men reported they had experienced sexual violence at least once in their lifetime. The most recent information on the rate of sexual violence for eastern DRC and Rwanda is from 2016 and is discussed in our previous GAO reports."], "length": 23300, "E2E_time": 5.293906962033361, "context_token": 4923}
{"pred": " The report examines the roles and responsibilities of U.S. agencies in screening and vetting nonimmigrant visa (NIV) applicants. It highlights the adjudication process, including the validity periods, entries, and reciprocity arrangements for NIVs. The report categorizes NIVs into seven groups and discusses the adjudication trends, refusal rates, and reasons for refusals. It also covers the impact of executive orders and proclamations on visa entry restrictions, the implementation of enhanced vetting protocols, and the legal challenges faced by these actions. The report provides detailed data on NIV adjudications, issuances, and refusals from fiscal years 2012 through 2017, offering insights into the complexities of the visa adjudication process and its implications for national security and international relations.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the U.S. government's roles and processes in screening and vetting nonimmigrant visa (NIV) applicants. It outlines the adjudication process, including key terms such as validity periods, entries, and reciprocity arrangements, and categorizes NIVs into seven groups. The report highlights trends in NIV adjudications, refusal rates, and reasons for refusals, with a focus on factors like nationality, visa category, and regional distribution. It also examines the impact of executive orders and proclamations, such as visa entry restrictions and enhanced vetting protocols, and discusses the legal challenges these measures faced. The report includes detailed data from fiscal years 2012 through 2017, offering insights into the complexities of the visa process and its implications for national security and international relations.", "answers": ["Previous attempted and successful terrorist attacks against the United States have raised questions about the security of the U.S. government's process for adjudicating NIVs, which are issued to foreign nationals, such as tourists, business visitors, and students, seeking temporary admission into the United States. For example, the December 2015 shootings in San Bernardino, California, led to concerns about NIV screening and vetting processes because one of the attackers was admitted into the United States under a NIV. In 2017, the President issued executive actions directing agencies to improve visa screening and vetting, and establishing nationality-based visa entry restrictions, which the Supreme Court upheld in June 2018. GAO was asked to review NIV screening and vetting. This report examines (1) outcomes and characteristics of adjudicated NIV applications from fiscal years 2012 through 2017, and (2) key changes made to the NIV adjudication process in response to executive actions taken in 2017. GAO analyzed State NIV adjudication data for fiscal years 2012 through 2017, the most recent and complete data available. GAO visited seven consular posts selected based on visa workload and other factors. GAO reviewed relevant executive orders and proclamations, and documents related to implementing these actions. This is a public version of a sensitive report issued in June 2018. Information that DHS, State, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence deemed sensitive has been removed. The total number of nonimmigrant visa (NIV) applications that Department of State (State) consular officers adjudicated annually peaked at about 13.4 million in fiscal year 2016, and decreased by about 880,000 adjudications in fiscal year 2017. NIV adjudications varied by visa group, country of nationality, and refusal reason: Visa group. From fiscal years 2012 through 2017, about 80 percent of NIV adjudications were for tourists and business visitors. During this time, adjudications for temporary workers increased by about 50 percent and decreased for students and exchange visitors by about 2 percent. Country of nationality. In fiscal year 2017, more than half of all NIV adjudications were for applicants of six countries of nationality: China (2.02 million, or 16 percent), Mexico (1.75 million, or 14 percent), India (1.28 million, or 10 percent), Brazil (670,000, or 5 percent), Colombia (460,000, or 4 percent), and Argentina (370,000, or 3 percent). Refusal reason. State data indicate that over this time period, 18 percent of adjudicated applications were refused; more than 90 percent were because the applicant did not qualify for the visa sought, and a small percentage (0.05 percent) were due to terrorism and security-related concerns. In 2017, two executive orders and a proclamation issued by the President required, among other actions, visa entry restrictions for nationals of certain listed countries of concern, the development of uniform baseline screening and vetting standards, and changes to NIV screening and vetting procedures. GAO's analysis of State data indicates that, out of the nearly 2.8 million NIV applications refused in fiscal year 2017, 1,338 applications were refused due to visa entry restrictions implemented per the executive actions. State, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and others developed standards for screening and vetting by the U.S. government for all immigration benefits, such as for the requirement for applicants to undergo certain security checks. Further, State sought and received emergency approval from the Office of Management and Budget in May 2017 to develop a new form to collect additional information from some visa applicants, such as email addresses and social media handles."], "length": 75501, "E2E_time": 9.3770312378183, "context_token": 16234}
{"pred": " The report examines the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) methods for collecting and reporting broadband availability data on tribal lands. It highlights that FCC's current data collection process, primarily through the Form 477, overstates broadband access on tribal lands due to several limitations. These include the use of census blocks, which may not accurately reflect service availability within specific areas, and the lack of standardized methods for reporting mobile broadband coverage. Additionally, FCC does not collect data on factors such as affordability, service quality, and service denials, which significantly impact broadband access. The report also notes that FCC lacks a formal process to obtain tribal input on the accuracy of the data, relying instead on unverified provider submissions. Recommendations include developing targeted data collection methods for tribal lands, establishing a formal process for tribal feedback, and improving FCC's tribal engagement guidance to ensure more accurate and comprehensive broadband data.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) approach to collecting and reporting broadband availability data on tribal lands, identifying significant limitations in FCC's current methods. The primary issue stems from the use of the Form 477, which relies on unverified provider submissions and lacks standardized methods for reporting mobile broadband coverage. This results in overstatements of broadband access, particularly due to the use of large census blocks that may not accurately reflect service availability within specific areas. Additionally, FCC does not collect data on critical factors such as affordability, service quality, and service denials, which are essential for understanding broadband access on tribal lands.\n\nThe report also highlights FCC's lack of a formal process to obtain tribal input on the accuracy of the data, relying instead on internal checks and unverified provider submissions. This absence of tribal feedback undermines the accuracy of FCC's broadband maps and reports, potentially misrepresenting the extent of broadband access on tribal lands. The report concludes with recommendations to address these limitations, including developing targeted data collection methods for tribal lands, establishing a formal process for tribal feedback, and improving FCC's tribal engagement guidance to ensure more accurate and comprehensive broadband data.", "answers": ["Broadband furthers economic development, educational attainment, and public health and safety; however, residents of tribal lands have lower levels of broadband access relative to the U.S. population. Congress has prioritized identifying and targeting funds to unserved areas. FCC uses data from broadband providers to develop maps and reports depicting broadband availability in the United States, with specific information on tribal lands. GAO was asked to review FCC's efforts to collect broadband data for tribal lands. This report examines the extent to which: (1) FCC's approach to collecting broadband data accurately captures broadband access on tribal lands and (2) FCC obtains tribal input on the data. GAO interviewed stakeholders from 25 tribal governments or tribally owned providers, and visited nine tribal lands. The selected tribes varied geographically and in levels of broadband availability, among other characteristics. GAO also reviewed FCC's rulemakings on broadband data and interviewed other tribal stakeholders, FCC officials, and 13 non-tribal broadband providers selected to include a diversity of technologies. Provider and tribal interviews were based on non-generalizable samples. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) collects data on broadband availability from providers, but these data do not accurately or completely capture broadband access on tribal lands. Specifically, FCC collects data on broadband availability; these data capture where providers may have broadband infrastructure. However, FCC considers broadband to be “available” for an entire census block if the provider could serve at least one location in the census block. This leads to overstatements of service for specific locations like tribal lands (see figure). FCC, tribal stakeholders, and providers have noted that this approach leads to overstatements of broadband availability. Because FCC uses these data to measure broadband access, it also overstates broadband access—the ability to obtain service—on tribal lands. Additionally, FCC does not collect information on several factors—such as affordability, quality, and denials of service—that FCC and tribal stakeholders stated can affect the extent to which Americans living on tribal lands can access broadband services. FCC provides broadband funding for unserved areas based on its broadband data. Overstatements of access limit FCC's and tribal stakeholders' abilities to target broadband funding to such areas. For example, some tribal officials stated that inaccurate data have affected their ability to plan their own broadband networks and obtain funding to address broadband gaps on their lands. By developing and implementing methods for collecting and reporting accurate and complete data on broadband access specific to tribal lands, FCC would be better able to target federal broadband funding to tribal areas that need it the most and to more accurately assess FCC's progress toward its goal of increasing all Americans' access to affordable broadband. FCC does not have a formal process to obtain tribal input on the accuracy of provider-submitted broadband data. In the National Broadband Plan , FCC highlighted the need for a targeted approach to improve broadband availability data for tribal lands. As outlined in the plan, such an approach would include working with tribes to ensure that information is accurate and useful. About half of the tribal stakeholders GAO interviewed raised concerns that FCC relies solely on data from providers, and most stated FCC should work with tribes to improve the accuracy of FCC's data. Establishing a formal process to obtain input from tribal governments on the accuracy of provider-submitted broadband data could help improve the accuracy of FCC's broadband data for tribal lands. GAO is making three recommendations to FCC, including that it collect and report data that accurately measure tribal broadband access as well as develop a process to obtain tribal input on the accuracy of the data. FCC agreed with the recommendations."], "length": 58909, "E2E_time": 8.668865969404578, "context_token": 10842}
{"pred": " The report examines the regulatory challenges faced by community banks and credit unions, focusing on the most burdensome regulations and federal regulators' efforts to alleviate these burdens. Key findings include the identification of three main regulatory areas causing significant compliance issues: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA), Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML), and the Truth-in-Lending Act/Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (TRID). These regulations are seen as complex, time-consuming, and costly, particularly for smaller institutions. Despite efforts by regulators to reduce burdens through exemptions and guidance, challenges remain. The report also highlights the limitations of the regulatory review process, suggesting improvements to enhance transparency and effectiveness. Recommendations are made to federal regulators to improve guidance, assess cumulative regulatory impacts, and streamline processes to better support community banks and credit unions.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the regulatory challenges faced by community banks and credit unions, emphasizing the most burdensome regulations and federal regulators' efforts to mitigate these challenges. Key findings reveal that three main regulatory areas—Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA), Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML), and the Truth-in-Lending Act/Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (TRID)—pose significant compliance issues. These regulations are deemed complex, time-consuming, and costly, particularly for smaller institutions. While regulators have implemented exemptions and guidance to reduce burdens, challenges persist. The report also points out limitations in the regulatory review process, suggesting improvements to enhance transparency and effectiveness. Recommendations are directed at federal regulators to improve guidance, assess cumulative regulatory impacts, and streamline processes to better support community banks and credit unions.", "answers": ["In recent decades, many new regulations intended to strengthen financial soundness, improve consumer protections, and aid anti-money laundering efforts were implemented for financial institutions. Smaller community banks and credit unions must comply with some of the regulations, but compliance can be more challenging and costly for these institutions. GAO examined (1) the regulations community banks and credit unions viewed as most burdensome and why, and (2) efforts by depository institution regulators to reduce any regulatory burden. GAO analyzed regulations and interviewed more than 60 community banks and credit unions (selected based on asset size and financial activities), regulators, and industry associations and consumer groups. GAO also analyzed letters and transcripts commenting on regulatory burden that regulators prepared responding to the comments. Interviews and focus groups GAO conducted with representatives of over 60 community banks and credit unions indicated regulations for reporting mortgage characteristics, reviewing transactions for potentially illicit activity, and disclosing mortgage terms and costs to consumers were the most burdensome. Institution representatives said these regulations were time-consuming and costly to comply with, in part because the requirements were complex, required individual reports that had to be reviewed for accuracy, or mandated actions within specific timeframes. However, regulators and others noted that the regulations were essential to preventing lending discrimination and use of the banking system for illicit activity, and they were acting to reduce compliance burdens. Institution representatives also said that the new mortgage disclosure regulations increased compliance costs, added significant time to loan closings, and resulted in institutions absorbing costs when others, such as appraisers and inspectors, changed disclosed fees. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) issued guidance and conducted other outreach to educate institutions after issuing these regulations in 2013. But GAO found that some compliance burdens arose from misunderstanding the disclosure regulations—which in turn may have led institutions to take actions not actually required. Assessing the effectiveness of the guidance for the disclosure regulations could help mitigate the misunderstandings and thus also reduce compliance burdens. Regulators of community banks and credit unions—the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the National Credit Union Administration—conduct decennial reviews to obtain industry comments on regulatory burden. But the reviews, conducted under the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (EGRPRA), had the following limitations: CFPB and the consumer financial regulations for which it is responsible were not included. Unlike executive branch agencies, the depository institution regulators are not required to analyze and report quantitative-based rationales for their responses to comments. Regulators do not assess the cumulative burden of the regulations they administer. CFPB has formed an internal group that will be tasked with reviewing regulations it administers, but the agency has not publicly announced the scope of regulations included, the timing and frequency of the reviews, and the extent to which they will be coordinated with the other federal banking and credit union regulators as part of their periodic EGRPRA reviews. Congressional intent in mandating that these regulators review their regulations was that the cumulative effect of all federal financial regulations be considered. In addition, sound practices required of other federal agencies require them to analyze and report their assessments when reviewing regulations. Documenting in plans how the depository institution regulators would address these EGRPRA limitations would better ensure that all regulations relevant to community banks and credit unions were reviewed, likely improve the analyses the regulators perform, and potentially result in additional burden reduction. GAO makes a total of 10 recommendations to CFPB and the depository institution regulators. CFPB should assess the effectiveness of guidance on mortgage disclosure regulations and publicly issue its plans for the scope and timing of its regulation reviews and coordinate these with the other regulators' review process. As part of their burden reviews, the depository institution regulators should develop plans to report quantitative rationales for their actions and addressing the cumulative burden of regulations. In written comments, CFPB and the four depository institution regulators generally agreed with the recommendations."], "length": 119817, "E2E_time": 11.545112262945622, "context_token": 22366}
{"pred": " The report examines the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) efforts to modernize its grants management system through the Grants Management Modernization (GMM) program. FEMA's mission involves providing disaster relief and preparedness grants, which are managed through a complex network of 45 grant programs. The GMM program aims to streamline these processes by replacing legacy IT systems with a modern, integrated system using Agile development methods. Key findings include the successful implementation of some leading practices, such as executive leadership support and stakeholder engagement, but challenges remain in areas like change management, requirement traceability, and cybersecurity. The report also highlights issues with the program's cost estimates and schedule reliability. Recommendations are made to improve these areas to ensure the successful implementation of GMM.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates FEMA's efforts to modernize its grants management system via the Grants Management Modernization (GMM) program. FEMA administers 45 grant programs, crucial for disaster relief and preparedness, but faces challenges with its legacy IT systems. The GMM program seeks to replace these systems with a modern, integrated solution using Agile development. While FEMA has made progress in areas like executive support and stakeholder engagement, challenges persist in change management, requirement traceability, and cybersecurity. Additionally, the program's cost estimates and schedule reliability are problematic. The report recommends improvements to address these issues and ensure GMM's successful implementation.", "answers": ["FEMA, a component of DHS, annually awards billions of dollars in grants to help communities prepare for, mitigate the effects of, and recover from major disasters. However, FEMA's complex IT environment supporting grants management consists of many disparate systems. In 2008, the agency attempted to modernize these systems but experienced significant challenges. In 2015, FEMA initiated a new endeavor (the GMM program) aimed at streamlining and modernizing the grants management IT environment. GAO was asked to review the GMM program. GAO's objectives were to (1) determine the extent to which FEMA is implementing leading practices for reengineering its grants management processes and incorporating needs into IT requirements; (2) assess the reliability of the program's estimated costs and schedule; and (3) determine the extent to which FEMA is addressing key cybersecurity practices. GAO compared program documentation to leading practices for process reengineering and requirements management, cost and schedule estimation, and cybersecurity risk management, as established by the Software Engineering Institute, National Institute of Standards and Technology, and GAO. Of six important leading practices for effective business process reengineering and information technology (IT) requirements management, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) fully implemented four and partially implemented two for the Grants Management Modernization (GMM) program (see table). Specifically, FEMA ensured senior leadership commitment, took steps to assess its business environment and performance goals, took recent actions to track progress in delivering IT requirements, and incorporated input from end user stakeholders. However, FEMA has not yet fully established plans for implementing new business processes or established complete traceability of IT requirements. Until FEMA fully implements the remaining two practices, it risks delivering an IT solution that does not fully modernize FEMA's grants management systems. While GMM's initial May 2017 cost estimate of about $251 million was generally consistent with leading practices for a reliable, high-quality estimate, it no longer reflects current assumptions about the program. FEMA officials stated in December 2018 that they had completed a revised cost estimate, but it was undergoing departmental approval. GMM's program schedule was inconsistent with leading practices; of particular concern was that the program's final delivery date of September 2020 was not informed by a realistic assessment of GMM development activities, and rather was determined by imposing an unsubstantiated delivery date. Developing sound cost and schedule estimates is necessary to ensure that FEMA has a clear understanding of program risks. Of five key cybersecurity practices, FEMA fully addressed three and partially addressed two for GMM. Specifically, it categorized GMM's system based on security risk, selected and implemented security controls, and monitored security controls on an ongoing basis. However, the program had not initially established corrective action plans for 13 medium- and low-risk vulnerabilities. This conflicts with the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) guidance that specifies that corrective action plans must be developed for every weakness identified. Until FEMA, among other things, ensures that the program consistently follows the department's guidance on preparing corrective action plans for all security vulnerabilities, GMM's system will remain at increased risk of exploits. GAO is making eight recommendations to FEMA to implement leading practices related to reengineering processes, managing requirements, scheduling, and implementing cybersecurity. DHS concurred with all recommendations and provided estimated dates for implementing each of them."], "length": 99417, "E2E_time": 9.120062543079257, "context_token": 17990}
{"pred": " The Clean Water Act (CWA) established a federal program to aid municipal wastewater treatment plant construction and related activities. Initially, the program provided grants to states, with federal funding allocated through an annual appropriations process. The federal share of project costs was reduced from 75% to 55% in 1981. By the mid-1980s, there was debate over the federal role in funding municipal water infrastructure, leading to the 1987 amendments to the CWA, which introduced the Clean Water State Revolving Fund (CWSRF) program. This program replaced the previous grants program with a loan-based system, allowing states to capitalize funds and provide loans for water infrastructure projects.\n\nThe CWSRF program was phased in from FY1989 to FY1991, with federal funding ending by FY1994. However, due to continued funding needs, Congress extended federal support beyond the original expiration date. The Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) amendments in 1996 introduced a similar Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (DWSRF) program to help communities finance drinking water infrastructure projects.\n\nCongress has continued to appropriate funds for both the CWSRF and DWSRF programs, recognizing the high funding needs for water infrastructure. The report highlights the historical developments in water infrastructure funding, including the practice of earmarking funds for specific projects, which was eventually phased out due to concerns over equity and efficiency. The report also discusses the role of state and local governments in managing these funds and the challenges of meeting the growing demand for water infrastructure investments.\n\nThe report concludes with a detailed chronology of congressional activity regarding appropriations for wastewater and drinking water infrastructure from the 1987 CWA amendments through FY2019. It emphasizes the ongoing need for federal support to address the significant funding gap for water infrastructure projects nationwide.\n</think>\n\nThe Clean Water Act (CWA) established a federal program to support municipal wastewater treatment plant construction and related activities. Initially, the program provided grants to states, with federal funding allocated annually. The federal cost share was reduced from 75% to 55% in 1981. By the mid-1980s, debate over the federal role in funding municipal water infrastructure led to the 1987 CWA amendments, introducing the Clean Water State Revolving Fund (CWSRF) program, replacing grants with a loan-based system.\n\nThe CWSRF program was phased in from FY1989 to FY1991, with federal funding ending by FY1994. However, Congress extended federal support beyond the original expiration due to continued funding needs. The 1996 Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) amendments introduced the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (DWSRF) program to finance drinking water infrastructure.\n\nCongress has continued appropriating funds for both programs, recognizing the high demand for water infrastructure investments. The report highlights the historical practice of earmarking funds for specific projects, which was phased out due to concerns over equity and efficiency. It also discusses state and local roles in managing funds and the challenges of meeting growing infrastructure needs.\n\nThe report concludes with a chronology of congressional activity on appropriations from the 1987 CWA amendments through FY2019, emphasizing the ongoing need for federal support to address the significant funding gap for water infrastructure projects nationwide.", "answers": ["The principal federal program to aid municipal wastewater treatment plant construction is authorized in the Clean Water Act (CWA). Established as a grant program in 1972, it now capitalizes state loan programs through the clean water state revolving loan fund (CWSRF) program. Since FY1972, appropriations have totaled $98 billion. In 1996, Congress amended the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA, P.L. 104-182) to authorize a similar state loan program for drinking water to help systems finance projects needed to comply with drinking water regulations and to protect public health. Since FY1997, appropriations for the drinking water state revolving loan fund (DWSRF) program have totaled $23 billion. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administers both SRF programs, which annually distribute funds to the states for implementation. Funding amounts are specified in the State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) account of EPA annual appropriations acts. The combined appropriations for wastewater and drinking water infrastructure assistance have represented 25%-32% of total funds appropriated to EPA in recent years. Prior to CWA amendments in 1987 (P.L. 100-4), Congress provided wastewater grant funding directly to municipalities. The federal share of project costs was generally 55%; state and local governments were responsible for the remaining 45%. The 1987 amendments replaced this grant program with the SRF program. Local communities are now often responsible for 100% of project costs, rather than 45%, as they are required to repay loans to states. The greater financial burden of the act's loan program on some cities has caused some to seek continued grant funding. Although the CWSRF and DWSRF have largely functioned as loan programs, both allow the implementing state agency to provide \"additional subsidization\" under certain conditions. Since its amendments in 1996, the SDWA has authorized states to use up to 30% of their DWSRF capitalization grants to provide additional assistance, such as forgiveness of loan principal or negative interest rate loans, to help disadvantaged communities. America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 (AWIA; P.L. 115-270) increased this proportion to 35% while conditionally requiring states to use at least 6% of their capitalization grants for these purposes. Congress amended the CWA in 2014, adding similar provisions to the CWSRF program. In addition, appropriations acts in recent years have required states to use minimum percentages of their allotted SRF grants to provide additional subsidization. Final full-year appropriations were enacted as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, FY2019 (P.L. 116-6), on February 15, 2019. The act provided $1.694 billion for the CWSRF and $1.163 billion for the DWSRF program, nearly identical to the FY2018 appropriations. The FY0219 act provided $68 million for the WIFIA program, a $5 million increase from the FY2018 appropriation. Compared to the FY2019 appropriation levels, the Trump Administration's FY2020 budget request proposes to decrease the appropriations for the CWSRF, DWSRF, and WIFIA programs by 34%, 26%, and 63%, respectively."], "length": 120114, "E2E_time": 19.169869350269437, "context_token": 28111}
{"pred": " The report examines gender-based price differences in consumer products and credit markets. It finds that in 5 out of 10 personal care product categories, women's versions are priced higher than men's, while in 2 categories, men's products are more expensive. The analysis suggests that factors like brand, packaging, and consumer preferences contribute to these differences. Federal laws prohibit sex discrimination in credit and housing but not in consumer goods pricing. State and local laws in California, Miami-Dade County, and New York City prohibit gender-based pricing. Federal agencies have limited oversight and few complaints related to gender pricing. The report highlights the need for further research and potential regulatory actions to address these disparities.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates gender-based price differences in consumer products and credit markets. It reveals that in 5 out of 10 personal care product categories, women's versions are priced higher than men's, while in 2 categories, men's products are more expensive. Factors such as brand, packaging, and consumer preferences contribute to these disparities. Federal laws prohibit sex discrimination in credit and housing but do not regulate consumer goods pricing. State and local laws in California, Miami-Dade County, and New York City prohibit gender-based pricing. Federal agencies have limited oversight and few complaints related to gender pricing. The report underscores the need for further research and potential regulatory actions to address these disparities.", "answers": ["Gender-related price differences occur when consumers are charged different prices for the same or similar goods and services because of factors related to gender. While variation in costs and consumer demand may give rise to such price differences, some policymakers have raised concerns that gender bias may also be a factor. While the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Fair Housing Act prohibit discrimination based on sex in credit and housing transactions, no federal law prohibits businesses from charging consumers different prices for the same or similar goods targeted to different genders. GAO was asked to review gender-related price differences for consumer goods and services sold in the United States. This report examines, among other things, (1) how prices compared for selected goods and services marketed to men and women, and potential reasons for any price differences; (2) what is known about price differences for men and women for products not differentiated by gender, such as mortgages; and (3) the extent to which federal agencies have identified and addressed any concerns about gender-related price differences. To examine these issues, GAO analyzed retail price data, reviewed relevant academic studies, analyzed federal consumer complaint data, and interviewed federal agency officials, industry experts, and academics. Firms differentiate many consumer products to appeal separately to men and women by slightly altering product attributes like color or scent. Products differentiated by gender may sell for different prices if men and women have different demands or willingness to pay for these product attributes. Of 10 personal care product categories (e.g., deodorants and shaving products) that GAO analyzed, average retail prices paid were significantly higher for women's products than for men's in 5 categories. In 2 categories—shaving gel and nondisposable razors—men's versions sold at a significantly higher price. One category—razor blades--had mixed results based on two price measures analyzed, and two others—disposable razors and mass-market perfumes—showed no significant gender price differences. GAO found that the target gender for a product is a significant factor contributing to price differences identified, but GAO did not have sufficient information to determine the extent to which these gender-related price differences were due to gender bias as opposed to other factors, such as different advertising costs. Though the analysis controlled for several observable product attributes, such as product size and packaging type, all underlying differences in costs and demand for products targeted to different genders could not be fully observed. Studies GAO reviewed found limited evidence of gender price differences for four products or services not differentiated by gender—mortgages, small business credit, auto purchases, and auto repairs. For example, with regard to mortgages, women as a group paid higher average mortgage rates than men, in part due to weaker credit characteristics, such as lower average income. However, after controlling for borrower credit characteristics and other factors, three studies did not find statistically significant differences in borrowing costs between men and women, while one found women paid higher rates for certain subprime loans. In addition, one study found that female borrowers defaulted less frequently than male borrowers with similar credit characteristics, and the study suggested that women may pay higher mortgage rates than men relative to their default risk. While these studies controlled for factors other than gender that could affect borrowing costs, several lacked important data on certain borrower risk characteristics, such as credit scores, which could affect analysis of gender disparities. Also, several studies analyzed small samples of subprime loans that were originated in 2005 or earlier, which limits the generalizability of the results. In their oversight of federal antidiscrimination statutes, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, Federal Trade Commission, and Department of Housing and Urban Development have identified limited consumer concerns based on gender-related pricing differences. GAO's analysis of complaint data received by the three agencies from 2012–2017 found that they had received limited consumer complaints about gender-related price differences. The agencies provide general consumer education resources on discrimination and consumer awareness. However, given the limited consumer concern, they have not identified a need to incorporate additional materials specific to gender-related price differences into their existing consumer education resources."], "length": 54242, "E2E_time": 6.663104936014861, "context_token": 10690}
{"pred": " The report examines the regulatory framework and oversight practices of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) regarding hydropower dams. It highlights FERC's role in licensing and ensuring the safety of non-federal hydropower projects, the use of engineering studies and inspections, and the challenges in maintaining consistent data recording and analysis across its portfolio. The report also discusses FERC's compliance and enforcement mechanisms and provides recommendations to enhance dam safety oversight.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's (FERC) regulatory framework and oversight of hydropower dams. FERC licenses and monitors non-federal hydropower projects, focusing on dam safety through inspections, engineering studies, and relicensing processes. The report notes that FERC relies on licensees for continuous dam maintenance and uses a multi-layered approach, including independent inspections and potential failure mode analyses, to assess safety. However, inconsistencies in recording inspection data across regions limit FERC's ability to conduct portfolio-wide risk analyses. The report also highlights FERC's enforcement mechanisms, which include compliance workshops, civil penalties, and license revocations, though their use for safety issues is limited. Key recommendations include standardizing data recording and conducting portfolio-wide risk assessments to improve dam safety oversight.", "answers": ["In February 2017, components of California's Oroville Dam failed, leading to the evacuation of nearly 200,000 nearby residents. FERC is the federal regulator of the Oroville Dam and over 2,500 other dams associated with nonfederal hydropower projects nationwide. FERC issues and renews licenses—which can last up to 50 years—to dam operators and promotes safe dam operation by conducting safety inspections and reviewing technical engineering studies, among other actions. GAO was asked to review FERC's approach to overseeing dam safety. This report examines: (1) how FERC collects information from its dam safety inspections and the extent of its analysis, and (2) how FERC evaluates engineering studies of dam performance to analyze safety, among other objectives. GAO analyzed documentation on a non-generalizable sample of 42 dams associated with projects relicensed from fiscal years 2014 through 2017, selected based on geography and hazard classifications, among other factors. GAO also reviewed FERC regulations and documents; and interviewed FERC staff associated with the selected projects and technical consultants, selected based on the frequency and timing of their reviews. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's (FERC) staff generally followed established guidance in collecting safety information from dam inspections for the dams GAO reviewed, but FERC has not used this information to analyze dam safety portfolio-wide. For these 42 dams, GAO found that FERC staff generally followed guidance in collecting safety information during inspections of individual dams and key structures associated with those dams. (See figure.) However, FERC lacks standard procedures that specify how and where staff should record safety deficiencies identified. As a result, FERC staff use multiple systems to record inspection findings, thereby creating information that cannot be easily analyzed. Further, while FERC officials said inspections help oversee individual dam's safety, FERC has not analyzed this information to identify any safety risks across its portfolio. GAO's prior work has highlighted the importance of evaluating risks across a portfolio. FERC officials stated that they have not conducted portfolio-wide analyses because officials prioritize the individual dam inspections and response to urgent dam safety incidents. However, following the Oroville incident, a FERC-led initiative to examine dam structures comparable to those at Oroville identified 27 dam spillways with varying degrees of safety concerns, on which FERC officials stated they are working with dam licensees to address. A similar and proactive portfolio-wide approach, based on analysis of common inspection deficiencies across the portfolio of dams under FERC's authority, could help FERC identify safety risks prior to a safety incident. Guidelines recognize that each dam is unique and allow for flexibility and exemptions in its use. FERC staff use the studies to inform other components of their safety approach, including the analysis of dam failure scenarios and their review of safety to determine whether to renew a license. GAO recommends that FERC: (1) develop standard procedures for recording information collected as part of its inspections, and (2) use inspection information to assess safety risks across FERC's portfolio of dams. FERC agreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 57609, "E2E_time": 6.183571842033416, "context_token": 10460}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of the federal child nutrition programs, which are designed to improve children's nutrition and support the agricultural economy. These programs include the National School Lunch Program (NSLP), School Breakfast Program (SBP), Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), and Special Milk Program (SMP). The programs offer financial support and food assistance to schools and other institutions, ensuring that children receive subsidized meals and snacks, particularly those from low-income families. The report details the history, funding mechanisms, eligibility criteria, and operational aspects of each program, emphasizing their role in addressing child nutrition and food insecurity. It also highlights recent policy changes, such as the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, which updated nutrition standards and expanded access to free meals through initiatives like the Community Eligibility Provision (CEP). Additionally, the report discusses related programs, such as the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP) and farm-to-school initiatives, which enhance access to healthy food options. The analysis underscores the importance of these programs in providing essential nutritional support to millions of children across the United States.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive overview of federal child nutrition programs, which aim to enhance children's nutrition and support the agricultural sector. Key programs include the National School Lunch Program (NSLP), School Breakfast Program (SBP), Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), and Special Milk Program (SMP). These initiatives offer financial and food assistance to schools and institutions, ensuring subsidized meals and snacks, particularly for low-income children. The report details the history, funding, eligibility, and operations of each program, highlighting their role in addressing child nutrition and food insecurity. Recent policy changes, such as the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, have updated nutrition standards and expanded access to free meals through initiatives like the Community Eligibility Provision (CEP). Additional programs, including the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP) and farm-to-school initiatives, further enhance access to healthy food options. The analysis emphasizes the critical role of these programs in providing essential nutritional support to millions of children nationwide.", "answers": ["The \"child nutrition programs\" refer to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service (USDA-FNS) programs that provide food for children in school or institutional settings. The best known programs, which serve the largest number of children, are the school meals programs: the National School Lunch Program (NSLP) and the School Breakfast Program (SBP). The child nutrition programs also include the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), which provides meals and snacks in day care and after school settings; the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), which provides food during the summer months; the Special Milk Program (SMP), which supports milk for schools that do not participate in NSLP or SBP; and the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP), which funds fruit and vegetable snacks in select elementary schools. Funding: The vast majority of the child nutrition programs account is considered mandatory spending, with trace amounts of discretionary funding for certain related activities. Referred to as open-ended, \"appropriated entitlements,\" funding is provided through the annual appropriations process; however, the level of spending is controlled by benefit and eligibility criteria in federal law and dependent on the resulting levels of participation. Federal cash funding (in the form of per-meal reimbursements) and USDA commodity food support is guaranteed to schools and other providers based on the number of meals or snacks served and participant category (e.g., free meals for poor children get higher subsidies). Participation: The child nutrition programs serve children of varying ages and in different institutional settings. The NSLP and SBP have the broadest reach, serving qualifying children of all ages in school settings. Other child nutrition programs serve more-narrow populations. CACFP, for example, provides meals and snacks to children in early childhood and after-school settings among other venues. Programs generally provide some subsidy for all food served but a larger federal reimbursement for food served to children from low-income households. Administration: Responsibility for child nutrition programs is divided between the federal government, states, and localities. The state agency and type of local provider differs by program. In the NSLP and SBP, schools and school districts (\"school food authorities\") administer the program. Meanwhile, SFSP (and sometimes CACFP) uses a model in which sponsor organizations handle administrative responsibilities for a number of sites that serve meals. Reauthorization: The underlying laws covering the child nutrition programs were last reauthorized in the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA, P.L. 111-296, enacted December 13, 2010). This law made significant changes to child nutrition programs, including increasing federal financing for school lunches, expanding access to community eligibility and direct certification options for schools, and expanding eligibility options for home child care providers. The law also required an update to school meal nutrition guidelines as well as new guidelines for food served outside the meal programs (e.g., snacks sold in vending machines and cafeteria a la carte lines). Current Issues: The 114th Congress began but did not complete a 2016 child nutrition reauthorization, and there was no significant legislative activity with regard to reauthorization in the 115th Congress. However, the vast majority of operations and activities continue with funding provided by appropriations laws. Current issues in the child nutrition programs are discussed in CRS Report R45486, Child Nutrition Programs: Current Issues."], "length": 55269, "E2E_time": 9.266439410392195, "context_token": 11332}
{"pred": " The report discusses the financial challenges faced by the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund, which provides benefits to coal miners affected by black lung disease. The fund is primarily financed by an excise tax on coal, but recent reductions in tax rates and declining coal production have led to financial strain. The report outlines the history of the trust fund, the current state of black lung disease among coal miners, and various policy options to address the fund's financial issues. It emphasizes the need for increased revenue or alternative funding mechanisms to ensure the sustainability of the trust fund and continued support for affected miners and their families.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the financial challenges of the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund, which supports coal miners with black lung disease. The fund is mainly funded by a coal excise tax, but reduced tax rates and decreased coal production have caused financial stress. The report covers the trust fund's history, the ongoing prevalence of black lung disease, and potential policy solutions to address funding issues. It highlights the necessity for increased revenue or alternative funding to sustain the trust fund and continue aiding affected miners and their families.", "answers": ["The federal government pays benefits to coal miners affected by coal workers' pneumoconiosis (CWP, commonly referred to as black lung disease) and other lung diseases linked to coal mining in cases where responsible mine operators are not able to pay. In 2019, the monthly benefit for a miner with no dependents is $660.10. Benefits can be as much as $1,320.10 per month for miners with three or more dependents. Medical benefits are provided separately from disability benefits. Benefit payments and related administrative expenses in cases in which the responsible operators do not pay are paid out of the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund. The primary source of revenue for the trust fund is an excise tax on coal produced and sold domestically. If excise tax revenue is not sufficient to finance Black Lung Program benefits, the trust fund may borrow from the general fund of the Treasury. For 2018, the tax rates on coal were $1.10 per ton of underground-mined coal or $0.55 per ton of surface-mined coal, limited to 4.4% of the sales price. These rates were established in 1986. Starting in 2019, under current law, these tax rates are $0.50 per ton of underground-mined coal or $0.25 per ton of surface-mined coal, limited to 2% of the sales price. These are the rates that were set when the trust fund was established in 1977. The decline in the excise tax rates will likely put additional financial strain on a trust fund that already borrows from the general fund to meet obligations. The decline in domestic coal production, recent increases in the rate of CWP, and bankruptcies in the coal sector also contribute to the financial strain on the trust fund. The Black Lung Disability Trust Fund and associated excise tax on coal were established so that the coal industry, as opposed to taxpayers in general, would bear the burden associated with providing black lung benefits. Throughout its history, the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund has not raised revenues sufficient to meet obligations. As a result, at various points in time, Congress and the President have acted to increase the excise tax on coal, forgive or refinance trust fund debt, and modify black lung benefits eligibility. With the rate of the excise tax on coal reduced in 2019, the 116th Congress may again evaluate options for improving the fiscal condition of the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund, or other issues related to providing federal benefits to miners with black lung disease."], "length": 43206, "E2E_time": 5.422624310012907, "context_token": 9260}
{"pred": " The report examines the economic and fiscal challenges faced by Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory with approximately 3.3 million residents. It highlights the factors contributing to Puerto Rico's financial crisis, including persistent budget deficits, reliance on debt financing, and economic contraction. The report also discusses federal actions that could help address these challenges without increasing the federal deficit. Key points include Puerto Rico's inability to access certain federal programs at the same level as states, its high debt levels relative to GDP, and the impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria. The report concludes with recommendations for federal policy changes to improve Puerto Rico's financial stability.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the economic and fiscal challenges Puerto Rico faces, emphasizing its financial crisis rooted in persistent budget deficits, reliance on debt, and economic decline. Puerto Rico, with about 3.3 million residents, operates under U.S. territorial status, granting it some autonomy but limiting access to federal programs compared to states. The territory's economy has contracted since 2005, with real GDP dropping over 9% by 2016, while its population decreased by 12.8% from 2004 to 2017. High unemployment rates and a shrinking labor force exacerbate these issues.\n\nPuerto Rico's government has run deficits since 2002, accumulating $68 billion in public debt by 2014, equivalent to 66% of GDP. The territory's inability to restructure debt under federal bankruptcy laws led to defaults and the 2016 PROMESA Act, establishing a Fiscal Oversight Board. The report identifies factors contributing to Puerto Rico's debt, including inadequate financial management, policy decisions, and economic stagnation. It also explores federal actions to address these challenges without increasing the deficit, such as enhancing municipal bond disclosures, subjecting Puerto Rican investment companies to federal regulations, and modifying tax exemptions.\n\nThe impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria in 2017 further strained Puerto Rico's finances, prompting updated fiscal plans. The report concludes with recommendations for federal policy changes to enhance Puerto Rico's financial stability and economic growth, noting the need for sustainable solutions to prevent future crises.", "answers": ["Puerto Rico has roughly $70 billion in outstanding debt and $50 billion in unfunded pension liabilities and since August 2015 has defaulted on over $1.5 billion in debt. The effects of Hurricanes Irma and Maria will further affect Puerto Rico's ability to repay its debt, as well as its economic condition. In response to Puerto Rico's fiscal crisis, Congress passed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Security Act (PROMESA) in 2016, which included a provision for GAO to review Puerto Rico's debt. This report describes the factors that contributed to Puerto Rico's financial condition and levels of debt and federal actions that could address these factors. Consistent with PROMESA, GAO focused on actions that would not increase the federal deficit. To address these objectives, GAO reviewed documents and interviewed officials from the Puerto Rico and federal governments and conducted a review of relevant literature. GAO also interviewed former Puerto Rico officials and experts in Puerto Rico's economy, the municipal securities markets, and state and territorial budgeting, financial management, and debt practices, as well as officials from the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico (created by PROMESA). GAO is not making recommendations based on the federal actions identified because policymakers would need to consider challenges and tradeoffs related to implementation. The Puerto Rico government generally agreed with the factors we identified and provided additional information. GAO incorporated technical comments from SEC as appropriate. The factors that contributed to Puerto Rico's financial condition and levels of debt relate to (1) the Puerto Rico government running persistent annual deficits—where expenses exceed revenues—and (2) its use of debt to cope with deficits. Based on a literature review and interviews with current and former Puerto Rico officials, federal officials, and other relevant experts, GAO identified factors that contributed to Puerto Rico's persistent deficits: The Puerto Rico government's inadequate financial management and oversight practices. For example, the Puerto Rico government frequently overestimated the amount of revenue it would collect and Puerto Rico's agencies regularly spent more than the amounts Puerto Rico's legislature appropriated for a given fiscal year. Policy decisions by Puerto Rico's government. For example, Puerto Rico borrowed funds to balance budgets and insufficiently addressed public pension funding shortfalls. Puerto Rico's prolonged economic contraction. Examples of factors contributing to the contraction include outmigration and the resulting diminished labor force, and the high cost of importing goods and energy. Additional factors enabled Puerto Rico to use debt to finance its deficits, such as high demand for Puerto Rico debt. One cause of high demand was that under federal law, income from Puerto Rico bonds generally receives more favorable tax treatment than income from bonds issued by states and their localities. Based on an assessment of relevant literature and input from current and former Puerto Rico officials, federal officials, and other relevant experts, GAO identified three potential federal actions that may help address some of these factors. GAO also identified considerations for policymakers related to these actions. Modify the tax exempt status for Puerto Rico municipal debt. Making interest income from Puerto Rico bonds earned by investors residing outside of Puerto Rico subject to applicable state and local taxes could lower demand for Puerto Rico debt. However, reduced demand could hinder Puerto Rico's ability to borrow funds for capital investments or liquidity. Apply federal investor protection laws to Puerto Rico. Requiring Puerto Rico investment companies to disclose risks with Puerto Rico bonds and adhere to other requirements could lower demand for the bonds. However, this action could also limit Puerto Rico's ability to borrow funds. Modify the Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) authority over municipal bond disclosure requirements. SEC could be allowed to require timely disclosure of materials—such as audited financial statements—associated with municipal bonds. Over the past decade, Puerto Rico often failed to provide timely audited financial statements related to its municipal bonds. Timely disclosure could help investors make informed decisions about investing in municipal bonds. However, a broad requirement could place additional burdens on all U.S. municipal issuers, such as the costs of standardizing reporting."], "length": 41843, "E2E_time": 8.182768029160798, "context_token": 8091}
{"pred": " The report examines the antifraud efforts of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) across its four principal programs: Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, and the health-insurance marketplaces. CMS faces significant challenges in managing fraud risks due to the programs' size, complexity, and the malicious intent of those seeking to exploit them. The report highlights CMS's existing antifraud measures, such as predictive analytics, provider screening, and partnerships with stakeholders, but identifies gaps in aligning these efforts with a comprehensive risk-based strategy. Key recommendations include enhancing fraud-awareness training, conducting fraud risk assessments, and developing a documented antifraud strategy to better target and mitigate fraud risks. The report underscores the importance of these actions to protect federal investments and ensure program integrity.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the antifraud measures implemented by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) across its four main programs: Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, and the health-insurance marketplaces. CMS faces significant challenges in managing fraud risks due to the programs' extensive size, complexity, and the deliberate actions of those exploiting them. The report acknowledges CMS's current antifraud initiatives, such as predictive analytics, provider screening, and collaborations with stakeholders, but points out the need for a more comprehensive, risk-based strategy. Key recommendations include enhancing fraud-awareness training for all employees, conducting thorough fraud risk assessments for Medicare and Medicaid, and developing a documented antifraud strategy to effectively target and mitigate fraud risks. These actions are crucial to safeguard federal investments and maintain program integrity.", "answers": ["CMS, an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), provides health coverage for over 145 million Americans through its four principal programs, with annual outlays of about $1.1 trillion. GAO has designated the two largest programs, Medicare and Medicaid, as high risk partly due to their vulnerability to fraud, waste, and abuse. In fiscal year 2016, improper payment estimates for these programs totaled about $95 billion. GAO's Fraud Risk Framework and the subsequent enactment of the Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015 have called attention to the importance of federal agencies' antifraud efforts. This report examines (1) CMS's approach for managing fraud risks across its four principal programs, and (2) how CMS's efforts managing fraud risks in Medicare and Medicaid align with the Fraud Risk Framework. GAO reviewed laws and regulations and HHS and CMS documents, such as program-integrity manuals. It also interviewed CMS officials and a sample of CMS stakeholders, including state officials and contractors. GAO selected states based on fraud risk and other factors, such as geographic diversity. GAO selected contractors based on a mix of companies and geographic areas served. The approach that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has taken for managing fraud risks across its four principal programs—Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and the health-insurance marketplaces—is incorporated into its broader program-integrity approach. According to CMS officials, this broader program-integrity approach can help the agency develop control activities to address multiple sources of improper payments, including fraud. As the figure below shows, CMS views fraud as part of a spectrum of actions that may result in improper payments. CMS's efforts managing fraud risks in Medicare and Medicaid partially align with GAO's 2015 A Framework for Managing Fraud Risks in Federal Programs (Fraud Risk Framework). This framework describes leading practices in four components: commit , assess , design and implement , and evaluate and adapt . CMS has shown commitment to combating fraud in part by establishing a dedicated entity—the Center for Program Integrity—to lead antifraud efforts. Furthermore, CMS is offering and requiring antifraud training for stakeholder groups such as providers, beneficiaries, and health-insurance plans. However, CMS does not require fraud-awareness training on a regular basis for employees, a practice that the framework identifies as a way agencies can help create a culture of integrity and compliance. Regarding the assess and design and implement components, CMS has taken steps to identify fraud risks, such as by designating specific provider types as high risk and developing associated control activities. However, it has not conducted a fraud risk assessment for Medicare or Medicaid, and has not designed and implemented a risk-based antifraud strategy. A fraud risk assessment allows managers to fully consider fraud risks to their programs, analyze their likelihood and impact, and prioritize risks. Managers can then design and implement a strategy with specific control activities to mitigate these fraud risks, as well as an appropriate evaluation approach consistent with the evaluate and adapt component. By developing a fraud risk assessment and using that assessment to create an antifraud strategy and evaluation approach, CMS could better ensure that it is addressing the full portfolio of risks and strategically targeting the most-significant fraud risks facing Medicare and Medicaid. GAO recommends that CMS (1) provide and require fraud-awareness training to its employees, (2) conduct fraud risk assessments, and (3) create an antifraud strategy for Medicare and Medicaid, including an approach for evaluation. HHS concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 72619, "E2E_time": 7.920460896100849, "context_token": 13027}
{"pred": " The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program, established by Congress in 2011, aims to convert public housing units into long-term rental assistance properties, leveraging both public and private funds to address capital needs and improve affordability. The program has two components: converting PHA-owned properties to project-based vouchers (PBV) or project-based rental assistance (PBRA), and converting privately owned properties with expiring subsidies. Key findings include:\n\n1. **Conversion and Financing**: As of 2017, 689 conversions involving 74,709 units were completed, with 706 additional conversions in progress. Financing sources included Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC), new mortgages, and public housing funds. Construction costs averaged $6.4 million per conversion.\n\n2. **Leverage Ratios**: HUD reported a leverage ratio of 19:1 in 2017, but this was found to be inaccurate due to misclassification of funding sources. Recalculations suggested a lower ratio, highlighting the need for improved metrics.\n\n3. **Resident Impact**: While RAD improved living conditions for some residents, others faced challenges such as unclear information, relocation issues, and concerns about rent increases. HUD lacks comprehensive monitoring of resident impacts.\n\n4. **Challenges**: PHAs faced challenges like financing constraints, timing delays, and evolving program requirements. HUD's oversight and monitoring mechanisms were found to be insufficient, particularly for long-term affordability and resident protections.\n\n5. **Affordability Protections**: RAD includes safeguards to maintain affordability, such as use agreements and rent controls, but these have not been tested in cases of foreclosure or default. HUD has yet to implement robust post-conversion monitoring.\n\nRecommendations include improving data collection, recalculating leverage ratios accurately, enhancing resident safeguard monitoring, and developing better procedures to assess risks to affordability.\n</think>\n\nThe Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program, established by Congress in 2011, aims to convert public housing units into long-term rental assistance properties, leveraging both public and private funds to address capital needs and improve affordability. The program has two components: converting PHA-owned properties to project-based vouchers (PBV) or project-based rental assistance (PBRA), and converting privately owned properties with expiring subsidies. Key findings include:\n\n1. **Conversion and Financing**: As of 2017, 689 conversions involving 74,709 units were completed, with 706 additional conversions in progress. Financing sources included Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC), new mortgages, and public housing funds. Construction costs averaged $6.4 million per conversion.\n\n2. **Leverage Ratios**: HUD reported a leverage ratio of 19:1 in 2017, but this was found to be inaccurate due to misclassification of funding sources. Recalculations suggested a lower ratio, highlighting the need for improved metrics.\n\n3. **Resident Impact**: While RAD improved living conditions for some residents, others faced challenges such as unclear information, relocation issues, and concerns about rent increases. HUD lacks comprehensive monitoring of resident impacts.\n\n4. **Challenges**: PHAs faced challenges like financing constraints, timing delays, and evolving program requirements. HUD's oversight and monitoring mechanisms were found to be insufficient, particularly for long-term affordability and resident protections.\n\n5. **Affordability Protections**: RAD includes safeguards to maintain affordability, such as use agreements and rent controls, but these have not been tested in cases of foreclosure or default. HUD has yet to implement robust post-conversion monitoring.\n\nRecommendations include improving data collection, recalculating leverage ratios accurately, enhancing resident safeguard monitoring, and developing better procedures to assess risks to affordability.", "answers": ["HUD administers the Public Housing program, which provides federally assisted rental units to low-income households through PHAs. In 2010, HUD estimated its aging public housing stock had $25.6 billion in unmet capital needs. To help address these needs, the RAD program was authorized in fiscal year 2012. RAD allows PHAs to move (convert) properties in the public housing program to Section 8 rental assistance programs, and retain property ownership or transfer it to other entities. The conversion enables PHAs to access additional funding, including investor equity, generally not available for public housing properties. GAO was asked to review public housing conversions under RAD and any impact on residents. This report addresses, among other objectives, HUD's (1) assessment of conversion outcomes; (2) oversight of resident safeguards; and (3) provisions to help preserve the long-term affordability of units. GAO analyzed data on RAD conversions through fiscal year 2017; reviewed a sample of randomly selected, nongeneralizable RAD property files; and interviewed HUD officials, PHAs, developers, academics, and affected residents. The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) put procedures in place to evaluate and monitor the impact of conversion of public housing properties under the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program. RAD's authorizing legislation requires HUD to assess and publish findings about the amount of private-sector leveraging. HUD uses a variety of metrics to measure conversion outcomes. But, the metric HUD uses to measure private-sector leveraging—the share of private versus public funding for construction or rehabilitation of assisted housing—has limitations. For example, HUD's leveraging ratio counts some public resources as leveraged private-sector investment and does not use final (post-completion) data. As a result, HUD's ability to accurately assess private-sector leveraging is limited. HUD does not systematically use its data systems to track effects of RAD conversions on resident households (such as changes in rent and income, or relocation) or monitor use of all resident safeguards. Rather, since 2016, HUD has required public housing agencies (PHA) or other post-conversion owners to maintain resident logs and collect such information. But the resident logs do not contain historical program information. HUD has not developed a process for systematically reviewing information from its data systems and resident logs on an ongoing basis. HUD has been developing procedures to monitor compliance with some resident safeguards—such as the right to return to a converted property—and begun a limited review of compliance with these safeguards. However, HUD has not yet developed a process for monitoring other safeguards—such as access to other housing voucher options. Federal internal control standards require agencies to use quality information to achieve objectives, and obtain and evaluate relevant and reliable data in a timely manner for use in effective monitoring. Without a comprehensive review of household information and procedures for fully monitoring all resident safeguards, HUD cannot fully assess the effects of RAD on residents. RAD authorizing legislation and the program's use agreements (contracts with property owners) contain provisions intended to help ensure the long-term availability of affordable units, but the provisions have not been tested in situations such as foreclosure. For example, use agreements between HUD and property owners specify affordability and use restrictions that according to the contract would survive a default or foreclosure. HUD officials stated that HUD intends to develop procedures to identify and respond to risks to long-term affordability, including default or foreclosure in RAD properties. However, HUD has not yet done so. According to federal internal control standards, agencies should identify, analyze, and respond to risks related to achieving goals and objectives. Procedures that address oversight of affordability requirements would better position HUD to help ensure RAD conversions comply with program requirements, detect potential foreclosure and other risks, and take corrective actions. GAO makes five recommendations to HUD intended to improve leveraging metrics, monitoring of the use and enforcement of resident safeguards, and compliance with RAD requirements. HUD agreed with our recommendations to improve metrics and build on existing oversight."], "length": 83968, "E2E_time": 15.269672919996083, "context_token": 15478}
{"pred": " The report examines the acquisition, management, and utilization of heavy equipment by federal agencies. It highlights the lack of a standardized definition and reporting requirements for heavy equipment, leading to inconsistent data collection and analysis. The report finds that while the FAR requires agencies to consider lease versus purchase options, many agencies, including the Air Force, FWS, and NPS, do not consistently conduct or document these analyses. This oversight may result in inefficient spending. Additionally, the report notes that while some agencies like the Air Force and FWS have systems in place to manage equipment utilization, others, such as NPS, lack formal guidance, potentially leading to underutilization or overstocking. The report concludes with recommendations for the Air Force and Department of the Interior to clarify guidance on lease versus purchase analyses to improve cost-effectiveness and resource management.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates how federal agencies acquire, manage, and utilize heavy equipment. It points out the absence of a standardized definition and reporting requirements for heavy equipment, causing inconsistent data collection and analysis. While the FAR mandates agencies to evaluate lease versus purchase options, many, including the Air Force, FWS, and NPS, fail to consistently conduct or document these analyses, potentially leading to inefficient spending. The report also highlights that while some agencies like the Air Force and FWS have systems for managing equipment utilization, others, such as NPS, lack formal guidance, which may result in underutilization or overstocking. The report concludes with recommendations for the Air Force and Department of the Interior to clarify guidance on lease versus purchase analyses to enhance cost-effectiveness and resource management.", "answers": ["Federal agencies use heavy equipment such as cranes and forklifts to carry out their missions, but there is no government-wide data on federal agencies' acquisition or management of this equipment. GAO was asked to review federal agencies' management of heavy equipment. This report, among other objectives, examines: (1) the number, type, and costs of heavy equipment items that are owned by 20 federal agencies and (2) the heavy equipment that selected agencies recently acquired as well as how they decided whether to purchase or lease this equipment. GAO collected heavy equipment inventory data as of June 2017 from the 24 agencies that have chief financial officers responsible for overseeing financial management. GAO also selected three agencies (using factors such as the heavy equipment fleet's size) and reviewed their acquisitions of and guidance on heavy equipment. These agencies' practices are not generalizable to all acquisitions but provide insight into what efforts these agencies take to acquire thousands of heavy equipment items. GAO also interviewed officials at the three selected agencies. Of the 24 agencies GAO reviewed, 20 reported owning over 136,000 heavy equipment items such as cranes, backhoes, and forklifts, and spending over $7.4 billion (in 2016 dollars) to acquire this equipment. The remaining 4 agencies reported that they do not own any heavy equipment. The three selected agencies GAO reviewed in-depth—the Air Force within the Department of Defense (DOD), and the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Park Service within the Department of the Interior (Interior)—spent about $360 million to purchase about 3,500 heavy equipment assets in calendar years 2012 through 2016 and over $5 million to lease heavy equipment from fiscal years 2012 through 2016. Officials from all three agencies stated that they consider mission needs and the availability of equipment leases when deciding whether to lease or purchase heavy equipment. Federal regulations provide that agencies should consider whether it is more economical to lease or purchase equipment when acquiring heavy equipment, and federal internal control standards require that management clearly document all transactions in a manner that allows the documentation to be readily available for examination. However, in reviewing selected leases and purchases of heavy equipment from these three agencies, GAO found that officials did not consistently conduct or document lease-versus-purchase analyses. Officials at the Air Force and Interior said that there was a lack of clarity in agency policies about when they were required to conduct and document such analyses. Without greater clarity on when lease-versus-purchase analyses should be conducted and documented, these agencies may not be spending funds on heavy equipment effectively. The Department of the Interior and the Air Force should clarify the circumstances in which lease-versus-purchases analyses for heavy equipment acquisitions are to be conducted and documented. The Departments of the Interior and Defense concurred with these recommendations."], "length": 44783, "E2E_time": 6.7496484480798244, "context_token": 8766}
{"pred": " The report examines changes in the Department of Defense (DOD) workforce since 2001, focusing on military, civilian, and contractor workforces. It highlights factors influencing workforce size and composition, including conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, workforce conversions, and the growth of acquisition and cyber workforces. The report also reviews DOD's workforce management policies, cost-comparison methodologies, and challenges in accurately accounting for the full cost of civilian and contractor personnel. It concludes with recommendations for improving workforce management and cost analysis.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the Department of Defense (DOD) workforce dynamics from 2001 to 2017, examining changes in the size and composition of military, civilian, and contractor workforces. Key factors influencing these changes include U.S. involvement in conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, workforce conversions, and the expansion of acquisition and cyber-related roles. The report reviews DOD's workforce management policies, emphasizing the importance of cost-efficient workforce mix decisions under Title 10 statutes and DOD Instruction 1100.22. It also evaluates DOD's efforts to compare the costs of civilian and contractor personnel, highlighting challenges in accurately accounting for non-labor costs and ensuring data completeness. The report identifies gaps in DOD's methodologies, particularly in aligning workforce data and excluding certain costs, and recommends improvements to enhance cost analysis and workforce management. Additionally, it underscores the need for better alignment of taxonomies and data systems to support informed decision-making. The report concludes with a call for DOD to address these challenges to achieve more holistic and effective total-force management.", "answers": ["In addition to more than 2.2 million active duty and reserve personnel, DOD employs about 760,000 federal civilians and more than 560,000 contractors. In the Senate Report 114-49 accompanying a bill for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 included a provision for DOD to issue a report (1) assessing functions performed by federal civilian and service contractor personnel, (2) accounting for the full costs of federal civilian and service contractor personnel performing these functions, (3) comparing these costs, and (4) assessing available hiring and retention authorities for federal civilians. The Senate report also included a provision for GAO to assess DOD's report, which DOD submitted to Congress in April 2017. This report examines the extent to which DOD's report addressed the prescribed congressional elements. GAO reviewed DOD's report and compared it to the prescribed elements, examined documents relevant to DOD's cost estimating and comparison methodology, and interviewed DOD officials, including those in its Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation responsible for the calculations in DOD's report. In response to Congressional direction, the Department of Defense (DOD) issued a report in April 2017 comparing the costs of federal civilian and service contractor personnel at select installations. The report addressed three out of four provision elements and partially addressed one, as discussed below. DOD concluded that neither federal civilians nor service contractors were predominately more or less expensive, with costs being dependent on position, location, and level of seniority. DOD noted that it used a non-probability based sample of personnel for its report, and the results are not generalizable. An assessment of performance of functions being performed by federal civilian and service contractor personnel at six military installations, with four being in the continental United States and two being outside the continental United States. GAO believes that DOD addressed this requirement because it developed a methodology to assess performance of functions performed by federal civilians and service contractors at 17 organizations within nine geographic regions including two locations outside the continental United States. DOD used data from the Defense Civilian Personnel Data System to identify military installations with large reported numbers of federal civilians. DOD determined that personnel need to perform at least 80 percent common tasks to be able to make a comparison. An accounting of the fully-burdened, or full, cost of federal civilian and service contractor personnel performing functions at the selected installations including training, benefits, reimbursable costs, and facility overhead. GAO believes that DOD partially addressed this requirement because while it calculated the labor costs of selected federal civilian and service contractor full-time equivalents performing similar functions for organizations at government-owned facilities, it excluded certain non-labor costs from its calculations. A comparison of the costs of performance of these functions by federal civilians and service contractor personnel at the selected installations. GAO believes that DOD addressed this requirement because it compared calculated costs for selected federal civilians and service contractors performing similar functions at selected installations and included those comparisons in its report. An assessment of the flexible employment authorities for the employment and retention of federal civilian employees. GAO believes that DOD addressed this requirement because it sent questionnaires to DOD hiring officials and human resource professionals to collect information on flexible employment authorities and conducted interviews with these and human resource professionals at the same 17 organizations used for the cost comparison. Based on an analysis of the information collected, DOD's report included several conclusions regarding flexible hiring authorities and made one recommendation. GAO is not making any recommendations; however, DOD non-concurred with GAO's assessment that DOD partially addressed the element to account for the full cost of personnel. GAO believes the assessment is correct as discussed in the report."], "length": 30762, "E2E_time": 6.008473580703139, "context_token": 5973}
{"pred": " The report evaluates the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) major acquisition programs, focusing on their progress in meeting schedule and cost goals, as well as the effectiveness of DHS's acquisition management policies. Key findings include:\n\n1. **Program Progress**: Out of 28 major programs reviewed, 10 were on track to meet their schedule and cost goals in 2017, while 14 faced delays or cost overruns. Programs like the Border Wall System and the Heavy Polar Icebreaker are in early stages, with challenges such as funding and technical issues.\n\n2. **Policy and Management**: DHS has strengthened its acquisition policies, reflecting key portfolio management practices. However, opportunities remain to improve, such as requiring certification of funds for programs in breach and leveraging post-implementation reviews for better outcomes.\n\n3. **Funding Challenges**: Many programs face affordability gaps, particularly in operations and maintenance. DHS's FYHSP report highlights funding shortfalls, with some programs relying on carryover funds or alternative strategies to address gaps.\n\n4. **Recommendations**: GAO recommends updating acquisition policies to require certification of funds for programs in breach and using post-implementation reviews to enhance program performance.\n\nOverall, while DHS has made strides in managing its acquisition portfolio, ongoing challenges in funding, scheduling, and policy implementation require attention to ensure effective and efficient program execution.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) major acquisition programs, focusing on their progress in meeting schedule and cost goals, as well as the effectiveness of DHS's acquisition management policies. Key findings include:\n\n1. **Program Progress**: Out of 28 major programs reviewed, 10 were on track to meet their schedule and cost goals in 2017, while 14 faced delays or cost overruns. Programs like the Border Wall System and the Heavy Polar Icebreaker are in early stages, with challenges such as funding and technical issues.\n\n2. **Policy and Management**: DHS has strengthened its acquisition policies, reflecting key portfolio management practices. However, opportunities remain to improve, such as requiring certification of funds for programs in breach and leveraging post-implementation reviews for better outcomes.\n\n3. **Funding Challenges**: Many programs face affordability gaps, particularly in operations and maintenance. DHS's FYHSP report highlights funding shortfalls, with some programs relying on carryover funds or alternative strategies to address gaps.\n\n4. **Recommendations**: GAO recommends updating acquisition policies to require certification of funds for programs in breach and using post-implementation reviews to enhance program performance.\n\nOverall, while DHS has made strides in managing its acquisition portfolio, ongoing challenges in funding, scheduling, and policy implementation require attention to ensure effective and efficient program execution.", "answers": ["Each year, the DHS invests billions of dollars in a diverse portfolio of major acquisition programs to help execute its many critical missions. DHS's acquisition activities are on GAO's High Risk List, in part, because of management and funding issues. The Explanatory Statement accompanying the DHS Appropriations Act, 2015 included a provision for GAO to review DHS's major acquisitions. This report, GAO's fourth annual review, assesses the extent to which: (1) DHS's major acquisition programs are on track to meet their schedule and cost goals, and (2) DHS has taken actions to enhance its policies and processes to better reflect key practices for effectively managing a portfolio of investments. GAO reviewed 28 acquisition programs, including DHS's largest programs that were in the process of obtaining new capabilities as of April 2017, and programs GAO or DHS identified as at risk of poor outcomes. GAO assessed cost and schedule progress against baselines, assessed DHS's policies and processes against GAO's key portfolio management practices, and met with relevant DHS officials. During 2017, 10 of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) programs GAO assessed that had approved schedule and cost goals were on track to meet those goals. GAO reviewed 28 programs in total, 4 of which were new programs that GAO did not assess because they did not establish cost and schedule goals before the end of calendar year 2017 as planned. The table shows the status of the 24 programs GAO assessed. Reasons for schedule delays or cost increases included technical challenges, changes in requirements, and external factors. Recent enhancements to DHS's acquisition management, resource allocation, and requirements policies largely reflect key portfolio management practices (see table). However, DHS is in the early stages of implementing these policies. GAO identified two areas where DHS could strengthen its portfolio management policies and implementation efforts: DHS's policies do not reflect the key practice to reassess a program that breaches—or exceeds—its cost, schedule, or performance goals in the context of the portfolio to ensure it is still relevant or affordable. Acquisition management officials said that, in practice, they do so based on a certification of funds memorandum—a tool GAO has found to be effective for DHS leadership to assess program affordability—submitted by the component when one of its programs re-baselines in response to a breach. Documenting this practice in policy would help ensure DHS makes strategic investment decisions within its limited budget. DHS is not leveraging information gathered from reviews once programs complete implementation to manage its portfolio of active acquisition programs. DHS's acquisition policy requires programs to conduct post-implementation reviews after initial capabilities are deployed, which is in line with GAO's key practices. Acquisition management officials said they do not consider the results of these reviews in managing DHS's portfolio because the reviews are typically conducted after oversight for a program shifts to the components. Leveraging these results across DHS could enable DHS to address potential issues that may contribute to poor outcomes, such as schedule slips and cost growth, for other programs in its acquisition portfolio. GAO recommends DHS update its acquisition policy to require certification of fund memorandums when programs re-baseline as a result of a breach and assess programs' post-implementation reviews to improve performance across the acquisition portfolio. DHS concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 203983, "E2E_time": 22.863899889867753, "context_token": 41606}
{"pred": " The report, presented to the Senate Committee on Armed Services, addresses significant challenges faced by the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps in maintaining readiness. Following four major maritime incidents in 2017 that resulted in 17 fatalities and severe damage, the Navy conducted internal reviews, identifying 111 recommendations to enhance fleet readiness. As of November 2018, 70% of these recommendations had been implemented, though full implementation is expected to take several years. Key issues include outdated training certifications, insufficient crew sizes leading to overwork, and delays in ship maintenance. The Navy is also expanding its fleet by 25%, which may exacerbate existing challenges. Additionally, the Marine Corps faces readiness issues, particularly in aviation units, while the Navy struggles with aircraft availability due to aging fleets and sustainment problems. The report underscores the need for sustained management attention and resource allocation to address these multifaceted readiness challenges.\n</think>\n\nThe report presented to the Senate Committee on Armed Services highlights significant readiness challenges faced by the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps. Following four major maritime incidents in 2017, which caused 17 fatalities and severe damage, the Navy initiated internal reviews, resulting in 111 recommendations to improve fleet readiness. By November 2018, 70% of these recommendations had been implemented, though full implementation is anticipated to take several years. Key challenges include outdated training certifications, insufficient crew sizes leading to overwork, and delays in ship maintenance. The Navy's planned 25% fleet expansion may further exacerbate these issues. The Marine Corps faces readiness problems, particularly in aviation units, while the Navy struggles with aircraft availability due to aging fleets and sustainment challenges. The report emphasizes the need for sustained management attention and resource allocation to address these multifaceted readiness challenges.", "answers": ["The 2018 National Defense Strategy emphasizes that restoring and retaining readiness is critical to success in the emerging security environment. The Navy and Marine Corps are working to rebuild the readiness of their forces while growing and modernizing their aging fleet of ships and aircraft. However, achieving readiness recovery goals will take years as both services continue to be challenged to rebuild readiness amid continued operational demands. This statement provides information on current and future readiness challenges facing (1) the Navy ship and submarine fleet and (2) Navy and Marine Corps aviation. GAO also discusses prior recommendations on Navy and Marine Corps readiness and progress to address them. This statement is based on previously published work since 2015 related to Navy and Marine Corps readiness challenges, including shipyard workforce and capital investment, ship crewing, weapon system sustainment, the fighter pilot workforce, and modernizing force structure. GAO conducted site visits to the Pacific fleet in November 2018 and analyzed updated data, as appropriate. The Navy has taken steps to address training shortfalls in the surface fleet, but faces persistent maintenance and personnel challenges as it seeks to rebuild ship and submarine readiness. While the Navy has corrective actions underway, they will take years to implement. Following ship collisions in 2017, the Navy has taken steps to ensure its crews are trained to standards prior to deployment and made significant progress in those efforts. However, the Navy has struggled to complete ship maintenance—with only 30 percent of maintenance completed on time since fiscal year 2012—leading to thousands of days that ships were unavailable for training and operations (see figure). Additionally, manning shortfalls and experience gaps continue to contribute to high sailor workload and are likely to continue through at least fiscal year 2021. The Navy has developed a plan to improve shipyards and is re-examining its ship manning, among other actions; however, these positive steps have not yet fully addressed GAO's recommendations. Looking to the future, the Navy has indicated that it wants to grow its fleet to meet demands. However, the costs of such growth are not yet known and would likely require resourcing well above currently planned levels. Navy and Marine Corps aircraft availability has been limited due to numerous challenges (see figure). Specifically, the seven aircraft GAO reviewed have generally experienced decreasing availability since fiscal year 2011 and did not meet availability goals in fiscal years 2017 and 2018. The F-35—the future of naval aviation—also has not met availability goals due to part shortages and poor sustainment planning. In September 2018, the Department of Defense established aggressive targets for aircraft availability. While the Navy and Marine Corps are taking actions to improve aircraft availability, including addressing GAO's recommendations, aviation readiness will take many years to recover. GAO has made a total of 45 recommendations in the prior work described in this statement. The Department of Defense concurred with most of them, and has many actions underway, but has not yet fully implemented any. Attention to these recommendations can assist the Navy and the Marine Corps as they seek to rebuild the readiness of their forces."], "length": 38346, "E2E_time": 7.200205814093351, "context_token": 8170}
{"pred": " The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) is a key agency within the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) that provides mortgage insurance to protect lenders against borrower defaults. Established in 1934 during the Great Depression, FHA introduced long-term mortgages, stabilizing the housing market. FHA-insured loans are available to a broad range of borrowers, including first-time homebuyers, low- and moderate-income individuals, and minorities, with lower down payment requirements and more flexible credit standards compared to conventional loans. The report outlines FHA's role, eligibility criteria, market share, and financial aspects, emphasizing its countercyclical function in supporting mortgage access during economic downturns.\n</think>\n\nThe Federal Housing Administration (FHA), a division of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), plays a crucial role in the U.S. housing market by insuring mortgages to protect lenders from borrower defaults. Created in 1934 during the Great Depression, FHA introduced long-term mortgages, stabilizing the housing market and encouraging homeownership. FHA-insured loans are designed to be accessible to a wide range of borrowers, including first-time homebuyers, low- and moderate-income individuals, and minorities, with features like lower down payment requirements (as low as 3.5%) and more flexible credit standards compared to conventional loans. The report highlights FHA's countercyclical role, where it increases mortgage insurance during economic downturns to maintain mortgage availability when private markets tighten. It also discusses FHA's market share, which peaked during the 2007 housing crisis, and its financial health, emphasizing efforts to strengthen the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund (MMI Fund) through increased premiums and stricter underwriting. Overall, FHA remains a vital institution in promoting affordable housing and stabilizing the mortgage market during economic challenges.", "answers": ["The Federal Housing Administration (FHA), an agency of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), was created by the National Housing Act of 1934. FHA insures private lenders against the possibility of borrowers defaulting on mortgages that meet certain criteria, thereby expanding the availability of mortgage credit beyond what may be available otherwise. If the borrower defaults on the mortgage, FHA is to repay the lender the remaining amount owed. A household that obtains an FHA-insured mortgage must meet FHA's eligibility and underwriting standards, including showing that it has sufficient income to repay a mortgage. FHA requires a minimum down payment of 3.5% from most borrowers, which is lower than the down payment required for many other types of mortgages. FHA-insured mortgages cannot exceed a statutory maximum mortgage amount, which varies by area and is based on area median house prices but cannot exceed a specified ceiling in high-cost areas. (The ceiling is set at $726,525 in high-cost areas in calendar year 2019.) Borrowers are charged fees, called mortgage insurance premiums, in exchange for the insurance. In FY2018, FHA insured over 1 million new mortgages (including both home purchase and refinance mortgages) with a combined principal balance of $209 billion. FHA's share of the mortgage market tends to vary with economic conditions and other factors. In the aftermath of the housing market turmoil that began around 2007 and a related contraction of mortgage lending, FHA insured a larger share of mortgages than it had in the preceding years. Its overall share of the mortgage market increased from about 3% in calendar year 2005 to a peak of 21% in 2009. Since that time, FHA's share of the mortgage market has decreased somewhat, though it remains higher than it was in the early 2000s. In calendar year 2017, FHA's overall share of the mortgage market was about 17%. FHA-insured mortgages, like all mortgages, experienced increased default rates during the housing downturn that began around 2007, leading to concerns about the stability of the FHA insurance fund for single-family mortgages, the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund (MMI Fund). In response to these concerns, FHA adopted a number of policy changes in an attempt to limit risk to the MMI Fund. These changes have included raising the fees that it charges and making changes to certain eligibility criteria for FHA-insured loans."], "length": 32449, "E2E_time": 6.694931343663484, "context_token": 6599}
{"pred": " The report provides an extensive overview of the Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) class aircraft carrier program, addressing its background, funding, oversight issues, and future plans. Key points include:\n\n1. **Funding and Budget**: The Navy requested $2.3 billion in FY2019 for the CVN-78 program. The FY2020 budget proposed $2.347 billion, with significant allocations for CVN-80 and CVN-81. The program faces cost growth, with CVN-78 exceeding its initial cost cap, and efforts to manage costs within revised caps.\n\n2. **Oversight Issues**: Congress is concerned with the Navy's decision to show CVN-81 as a FY2020 procurement, potential compliance with cost caps, and the impact of incremental funding. Other issues include the Navy's withdrawal of a proposal to retire CVN-75 early, affecting carrier force levels, and the treatment of CVN-81 in FY2020 legislation.\n\n3. **Shock Trial and Design Testing**: The Navy initially planned to delay the Full Ship Shock Trial (FSST) for CVN-78 but was directed by OSD to conduct it on the lead ship. This decision was later reversed, with the FSST now scheduled for CVN-78 before its first deployment.\n\n4. **Cost Growth and Management**: The report highlights significant cost growth in CVN-78, with efforts to reduce costs for subsequent ships (CVN-79, CVN-80, CVN-81) through improved build strategies, material procurement, and design changes. The two-ship block buy contract for CVN-80 and CVN-81 aims to save $2.9 billion.\n\n5. **Force Structure and Future Plans**: The Navy aims to maintain an 11-carrier force, with plans to achieve 12 carriers by the 2030s. The report discusses potential shifts to smaller carriers but emphasizes the CVN-78 class's role in meeting strategic requirements.\n\n6. **Congressional Considerations**: Congress faces questions on compliance with cost caps, the impact of delayed shock trials, and the balance between maintaining current capabilities and exploring future options like smaller carriers.\n\nIn conclusion, the CVN-78 program is critical for maintaining U.S. naval power, but ongoing challenges in cost management, oversight, and strategic planning require careful consideration by Congress and the Navy.\n</think>\n\nThe Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) class aircraft carrier program is a critical component of the U.S. Navy's strategy to maintain and enhance its maritime capabilities. The report provides a comprehensive overview of the program, highlighting key aspects such as funding, oversight issues, and future plans.\n\n1. **Funding and Budget**: The Navy requested $2.3 billion in FY2019 for the CVN-78 program, with the FY2020 budget proposing $2.347 billion. Significant allocations were made for CVN-80 and CVN-81, reflecting the Navy's commitment to procuring these ships. However, the program has faced cost growth, with CVN-78 exceeding its initial cost cap. Efforts are ongoing to manage costs within revised caps.\n\n2. **Oversight Issues**: Congress has raised concerns about the Navy's decision to show CVN-81 as a FY2020 procurement and potential compliance with cost caps. The withdrawal of a proposal to retire CVN-75 early has implications for maintaining an 11-carrier force. Additionally, the treatment of CVN-81 in FY2020 legislation and the impact of incremental funding are areas of focus.\n\n3. **Shock Trial and Design Testing**: The Navy initially planned to delay the Full Ship Shock Trial (FSST) for CVN-78 but was directed by the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) to conduct it on the lead ship. This decision was later reversed, with the FSST now scheduled for CVN-78 before its first deployment.\n\n4. **Cost Growth and Management**: The report highlights significant cost growth in CVN-78, with efforts to reduce costs for subsequent ships (CVN-79, CVN-80, CVN-81) through improved build strategies, material procurement, and design changes. The two-ship block buy contract for CVN-80 and CVN-81 aims to save $2.9 billion.\n\n5. **Force Structure and Future Plans**: The Navy aims to maintain an 11-carrier force, with plans to achieve 12 carriers by the 2030s. The report discusses potential shifts to smaller carriers but emphasizes the CVN-78 class's role in meeting strategic requirements.\n\n6. **Congressional Considerations**: Congress faces questions on compliance with cost caps, the impact of delayed", "answers": ["CVN-78, CVN-79, CVN-80, and CVN-81 are the first four ships in the Navy's new Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) class of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers (CVNs). CVN-78 (Gerald R. Ford) was procured in FY2008. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget estimates the ship's procurement cost at $13,084.0 million (i.e., about $13.1 billion) in then-year dollars. The ship received advance procurement (AP) funding in FY2001-FY2007 and was fully funded in FY2008-FY2011 using congressionally authorized four-year incremental funding. To help cover cost growth on the ship, the ship received an additional $1,394.9 million in FY2014-FY2016 and FY2018 cost-to-complete procurement funding. The ship was delivered to the Navy on May 31, 2017, and was commissioned into service on July 22, 2017. The Navy is currently working to complete construction, testing, and certification of the ship's 11 weapons elevators. CVN-79 (John F. Kennedy) was procured in FY2013. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget estimates the ship's procurement cost at $11,327.4 million (i.e., about $11.3 billion) in then-year dollars. The ship received AP funding in FY2007-FY2012, and was fully funded in FY2013-FY2018 using congressionally authorized six-year incremental funding. The ship is scheduled for delivery to the Navy in September 2024. CVN-80 (Enterprise) and CVN-81 (not yet named) are being procured under a two-ship block buy contract that was authorized by Section 121(a)(2) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (H.R. 5515/P.L. 115-232 of August 13, 2018). The provision permitted the Navy to add CVN-81 to the existing contract for building CVN-80 after the Department of Defense (DOD) made certain certifications to Congress. DOD made the certifications on December 31, 2018, and the Navy announced the award of the contract on January 31, 2019. Compared to the estimated procurement costs for CVN-80 and CVN-81 in the Navy's FY2019 budget submission, the Navy estimates under its FY2020 budget submission that the two-ship block buy contract will reduce the cost of CVN-80 by $246.6 million and the cost of CVN-81 by $2,637.3 million, for a combined reduction of $2,883.9 million (i.e., about $2.9 billion). Using higher estimated baseline costs for CVN-80 and CVN-81 taken from a December 2017 Navy business case analysis, the Navy estimates under its FY2020 budget submission that the two-ship contract will reduce the cost of CVN-80 by $770.9 million and the cost of CVN-81 by $3,086.3 million, for a combined reduction of $3,857.2 million (i.e., about $3.9 billion). CVN-80 was procured in FY2018. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget estimates the ship's procurement cost at $12,335.1 million (i.e., about $12.3 billion) in then-year dollars. The ship received AP funding in FY2016 and FY2017, and the Navy plans to fully fund the ship in FY2018-FY2025 using incremental funding authorized by Section 121(c) of P.L. 115-232. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget requests $1,062.0 million in procurement funding for the ship. The ship is scheduled for delivery to the Navy in March 2028. Prior to the awarding of the two-ship block buy contract, CVN-81 was scheduled to be procured in FY2023. Following the awarding of the two-ship block buy contract, the Navy has chosen to show CVN-81 in its FY2020 budget submission as a ship to be procured in FY2020 (as opposed to a ship that was procured in FY2019). The Navy's FY2020 budget submission estimates the ship's procurement cost at $12,450.7 million (i.e., about $12.5 billion) in then-year dollars. The Navy plans to fully fund the ship beginning in FY2019 and extending beyond FY2026 using incremental funding authorized by Section 121(c) of P.L. 115-232. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget requests $1,285.0 million in procurement funding for the ship. The ship is scheduled for delivery to the Navy in February 2032. The Navy's FY2020 budget submission proposed to not fund the mid-life nuclear refueling overhaul (called a Refueling Complex Overhaul, or RCOH) for the aircraft carrier CVN-75 (Harry S. Truman), and to instead retire the ship around FY2024 and also deactivate one of the Navy's carrier air wings at about the same time. On April 30, 2019, however, the Administration announced that it was effectively withdrawing this proposal from the Navy's FY2020 budget submission. The Administration now supports funding the CVN-75 RCOH and keeping CVN-75 (and by implication its associated air wing) in service past FY2024. Oversight issues for Congress for the CVN-78 program include the following: DOD's decision to show CVN-81 in its FY2020 budget submission as a ship to be procured in FY2020, instead of a ship that was procured in FY2019; the Navy's decision, as part of its FY2020 budget submission, to not accelerate the scheduled procurement of CVN-82 from FY2028 to an earlier fiscal year; whether to approve, reject, or modify the Navy's FY2020 procurement funding request for the CVN-78 program; the date for achieving the Navy's 12-ship force-level goal for aircraft carriers; cost growth in the CVN-78 program, Navy efforts to stem that growth, and Navy efforts to manage costs so as to stay within the program's cost caps; Navy efforts to complete the construction, testing, and certification of the weapons elevators on CVN-78; additional CVN-78 program issues that were raised in a December 2018 report from the Department of Defense's (DOD's) Director of Operational Test and Evaluation (DOT&E); additional CVN-78 program issues that were raised in a May 2019 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report on DOD weapon systems; whether the Navy should shift at some point from procuring large-deck, nuclear-powered carriers like the CVN-78 class to procuring smaller aircraft carriers."], "length": 205877, "E2E_time": 32.959963891189545, "context_token": 45983}
{"pred": " The report examines how four federal agencies—U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), and the Forest Service—manage physical security risks in their facilities. It finds that while these agencies have implemented some risk assessment methodologies, none fully align with the Interagency Security Committee (ISC) Standard, which requires considering all 33 \"undesirable events\" and assessing threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences for each. The report highlights challenges such as outdated policies, insufficient staff, and resource constraints, leading to delayed or incomplete assessments. It also notes that without comprehensive data collection and analysis, agencies struggle to monitor and improve their security programs effectively. The report concludes with recommendations for each agency to update their policies, align their methodologies with the ISC Standard, and establish robust monitoring systems to enhance facility security.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the physical security risk management practices of four federal agencies: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), and the Forest Service. It finds that while these agencies have implemented risk assessment methodologies, none fully comply with the Interagency Security Committee (ISC) Standard. The ISC Standard requires agencies to consider all 33 \"undesirable events\" and assess threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences for each. The report identifies challenges such as outdated policies, insufficient staff, and resource constraints, which have led to delayed or incomplete assessments. Additionally, the lack of comprehensive data collection and analysis hinders agencies' ability to monitor and improve their security programs. The report concludes with recommendations for each agency to update their policies, align their methodologies with the ISC Standard, and establish robust monitoring systems to enhance facility security.", "answers": ["Protecting federal employees and facilities from security threats is of critical importance. Most federal agencies are generally responsible for their facilities and have physical security programs to do so. GAO was asked to examine how federal agencies assess facilities' security risks. This report examines: (1) how selected agencies' assessment methodologies align with the ISC's risk management standard for identifying necessary countermeasures and (2) what management challenges, if any, selected agencies reported facing in conducting physical security assessments and monitoring the results. GAO selected four agencies—CBP, FAA, ARS, and the Forest Service—based on their large number of facilities and compared each agency's assessment methodology to the ISC Standard; analyzed facility assessment schedules and results from 2010 through 2016; and interviewed security officials. GAO also visited 13 facilities from these four agencies, selected based on geographical dispersion and their high risk level. None of the four agencies GAO reviewed—U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the Agricultural Research Service (ARS), and the Forest Service—used security assessment methodologies that fully aligned with the Interagency Security Committee's Risk Management Process for Federal Facilities standard (the ISC Standard). This standard requires that methodologies used to identify necessary facility countermeasures—such as fences and closed-circuit televisions—must: 1. Consider all of the undesirable events (i.e., arson and vandalism) identified by the ISC Standard as possible risks to facilities. 2. Assess three factors—threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences—for each of these events and use these three factors to measure risk. All four agencies used methodologies that included some ISC requirements when conducting assessments. CBP and FAA assessed vulnerabilities but not threats and consequences. ARS and the Forest Service assessed threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences, but did not use these factors to measure risk. In addition, the agencies considered many, but not all 33 undesirable events related to physical security as possible risks to their facilities. Agencies are taking steps to improve their methodologies. For example, ARS and the Forest Service now use a methodology that measures risk and plan to incorporate the methodology into policy. Although CBP and FAA have updated their methodologies, their policies do not require methodologies that fully align with the ISC standard. As a result, these agencies miss the opportunity for a more informed assessment of the risk to their facilities. All four agencies reported facing management challenges in conducting physical security assessments or monitoring assessment results. Specifically, CBP, ARS, and the Forest Service have not met the ISC's required time frame of every 3 years for conducting assessments. For example, security specialists have not conducted required reassessments of two ARS and one Forest Service higher-level facilities. While these three agencies have plans to address backlogs, CBP's plan does not balance conducting risk assessments with other competing security priorities, such as updating its policy manual, and ARS and the Forest Service lack a means to monitor completion of future assessments. Furthermore, CBP, ARS, and the Forest Service did not have the data or information systems to monitor assessment schedules or the status of countermeasures at facilities, and their policies did not specify such data requirements. For example, ARS and the Forest Service do not collect and analyze security-related data, such as countermeasures' implementation. FAA does not routinely monitor the performance of its physical security program. Without improved monitoring, agencies are not well equipped to prioritize their highest security needs, may leave facilities' vulnerabilities unaddressed, and may not take corrective actions to meet physical security program objectives. This is a public version of a sensitive report that GAO issued in August 2017. Information that the agencies under review deemed sensitive has been omitted. GAO recommends: (1) that CBP and FAA update policies to require the use of methodologies fully aligned with the ISC Standard; (2) that CBP revise its plan to eliminate the assessments backlog; and (3) that all four agencies improve monitoring of their physical security programs. All four agencies agreed with the respective recommendations."], "length": 46377, "E2E_time": 6.929949632845819, "context_token": 8250}
{"pred": " The report discusses the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' (CMS) efforts to estimate improper payments in the Medicaid program through the Payment Error Rate Measurement (PERM) system. It highlights the limitations of the PERM in capturing certain program integrity risks, particularly in managed care, and the need for CMS to improve oversight and measurement of these risks. The report also outlines CMS's recent regulatory and oversight initiatives aimed at enhancing program integrity in Medicaid managed care.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' (CMS) use of the Payment Error Rate Measurement (PERM) system to estimate improper payments in the Medicaid program. While the PERM effectively measures errors in fee-for-service (FFS) claims and capitated payments to managed care organizations (MCOs), it fails to account for key risks such as overpayments to providers and unallowable MCO costs. These limitations, coupled with insufficient state and federal oversight, may result in an understated improper payment rate for managed care, currently at 0.3%, compared to 12.9% for FFS. The report highlights instances of significant overpayments and unallowable costs identified through audits and investigations, suggesting that the PERM's narrow scope may hinder comprehensive risk assessment. CMS has introduced regulatory updates and oversight initiatives, including focused program integrity reviews and collaborative audits, to address these gaps. However, the report concludes that further action is needed to ensure accurate measurement and mitigation of program integrity risks in Medicaid managed care. CMS is encouraged to revise the PERM methodology or allocate additional resources to better capture these risks, given the program's growing reliance on managed care.", "answers": ["The improper payment rate is a sentinel measure of program integrity risks for the Medicaid program. CMS and the states oversee Medicaid, whose size, structure, and diversity make it vulnerable to improper payments. CMS estimates the Medicaid improper payment rate annually through its PERM, which includes an estimate for Medicaid managed care, in which states contract with MCOs to provide services to Medicaid enrollees. GAO was asked to study the PERM methodology for managed care. In this report, GAO examined the extent to which the PERM accounts for program integrity risks in Medicaid managed care, including CMS's and states' oversight. GAO identified program integrity risks reported in 27 federal and state audits and investigations issued between January 2012 and September 2017; reviewed federal regulations and guidance on the PERM and CMS's Focused Program Integrity Reviews; and contacted program integrity officials in the 16 states with a majority of 2016 Medicaid spending for managed care, as well as CMS officials and program integrity experts. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' (CMS) estimate of improper payments for Medicaid managed care has limitations that are not mitigated by the agency's and states' current oversight efforts. One component of the Payment Error Rate Measurement (PERM) measures the accuracy of capitated payments, which are periodic payments that state Medicaid agencies make to managed care organizations (MCO) to provide services to enrollees and to cover other allowable costs, such as administrative expenses. However, the managed care component of the PERM neither includes a medical review of services delivered to enrollees, nor reviews of MCO records or data. Further, GAO's review of the 27 federal and state audits and investigations identified key program risks. Ten of the 27 federal and state audits and investigations identified about $68 million in overpayments and unallowable MCO costs that were not accounted for by PERM estimates; another of these investigations resulted in a $137.5 million settlement. These audits and investigations were conducted over more than 5 years and involved a small fraction of the more than 270 MCOs operating nationwide as of September 2017. To the extent that overpayments and unallowable costs are unidentified and not removed from the cost data used to set capitation rates, they may allow inflated MCO payments and minimize the appearance of program risks in Medicaid managed care. CMS and states have taken steps to improve oversight of Medicaid managed care through updated regulations, focused reviews of states' managed care programs, and federal program integrity contractors' audits of managed care services. However, some of these efforts went into effect only recently, and others are unlikely to address the risks in managed care across all states. Furthermore, these efforts do not ensure the identification and reporting of overpayments to providers and unallowable costs by MCOs. Federal internal control standards call for agency management to identify and respond to risks. Without addressing key risks, such as the extent of overpayments and unallowable costs, CMS cannot be certain that its estimated improper payment rate for managed care (0.3 percent compared with 12.9 percent in Medicaid fee-for-service) accurately reflects program risks. The Administrator of CMS should consider and take steps to mitigate the program risks that are not measured in the PERM, such as overpayments and unallowable costs; such an effort could include actions such as revising the PERM methodology or focusing additional audit resources on managed care. HHS concurred with this recommendation. HHS also provided technical comments, which were incorporated as appropriate."], "length": 29078, "E2E_time": 5.9340812880545855, "context_token": 5709}
{"pred": " The Federal Reserve (the Fed) is the central bank of the United States, with responsibilities in monetary policy, providing emergency liquidity, supervising financial institutions, and ensuring the stability of the payment system. Congress has delegated monetary policy to the Fed, which aims for maximum employment, stable prices (targeting 2% inflation), and moderate long-term interest rates. The Fed uses the federal funds rate as its primary tool, adjusting it to influence economic activity. During the 2008 financial crisis, the Fed implemented unconventional measures like quantitative easing and forward guidance to stimulate the economy. The report also discusses the Fed's regulatory role, including oversight of banks and nonbank financial institutions, and its efforts to maintain financial stability. The Fed's actions have been crucial in navigating economic challenges, though ongoing debates exist about the appropriate pace of monetary tightening and the balance between stimulus and potential risks of overheating the economy.\n</think>\n\nThe Federal Reserve (the Fed) serves as the central bank of the United States, with four main responsibilities: monetary policy, providing emergency liquidity, supervising financial institutions, and ensuring the stability of the payment system. Congress has granted the Fed authority over monetary policy, which aims to achieve maximum employment, stable prices (targeting a 2% inflation rate), and moderate long-term interest rates. The Fed primarily uses the federal funds rate as its monetary policy tool, adjusting it to influence economic activity. During the 2008 financial crisis, the Fed employed unconventional measures such as quantitative easing and forward guidance to stimulate the economy. The report also highlights the Fed's regulatory role, including oversight of banks and nonbank financial institutions, and its efforts to mitigate systemic risk and maintain financial stability. While the Fed's actions have been crucial in navigating economic challenges, debates persist regarding the appropriate pace of monetary tightening and balancing stimulus with the risks of overheating the economy.", "answers": ["Congress has delegated responsibility for monetary policy to the Federal Reserve (the Fed), the nation's central bank, but retains oversight responsibilities for ensuring that the Fed is adhering to its statutory mandate of \"maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates.\" To meet its price stability mandate, the Fed has set a longer-run goal of 2% inflation. The Fed's control over monetary policy stems from its exclusive ability to alter the money supply and credit conditions more broadly. Normally, the Fed conducts monetary policy by setting a target for the federal funds rate, the rate at which banks borrow and lend reserves on an overnight basis. It meets its target through open market operations, financial transactions traditionally involving U.S. Treasury securities. Beginning in 2007, the federal funds target was reduced from 5.25% to a range of 0% to 0.25% in December 2008, which economists call the zero lower bound. By historical standards, rates were kept unusually low for an unusually long time to mitigate the effects of the financial crisis and its aftermath. Starting in December 2015, the Fed has been raising interest rates and expects to gradually raise rates further. The Fed raised rates once in 2016, three times in 2017, and four times in 2018, by 0.25 percentage points each time. In light of increased economic uncertainty and financial volatility, the Fed announced in January 2019 that it would be \"patient\" before raising rates again. The Fed influences interest rates to affect interest-sensitive spending, such as business capital spending on plant and equipment, household spending on consumer durables, and residential investment. In addition, when interest rates diverge between countries, it causes capital flows that affect the exchange rate between foreign currencies and the dollar, which in turn affects spending on exports and imports. Through these channels, monetary policy can be used to stimulate or slow aggregate spending in the short run. In the long run, monetary policy mainly affects inflation. A low and stable rate of inflation promotes price transparency and, thereby, sounder economic decisions. The Fed's relative independence from Congress and the Administration has been justified by many economists on the grounds that it reduces political pressure to make monetary policy decisions that are inconsistent with a long-term focus on stable inflation. But independence reduces accountability to Congress and the Administration, and recent legislation and criticism of the Fed by the President has raised the question about the proper balance between the two. While the federal funds target was at the zero lower bound, the Fed attempted to provide additional stimulus through unsterilized purchases of Treasury and mortgage-backed securities (MBS), a practice popularly referred to as quantitative easing (QE). Between 2009 and 2014, the Fed undertook three rounds of QE. The third round was completed in October 2014, at which point the Fed's balance sheet was $4.5 trillion—five times its precrisis size. After QE ended, the Fed maintained the balance sheet at the same level until September 2017, when it began to very gradually reduce it to a more normal size. The Fed has raised interest rates in the presence of a large balance sheet through the use of two new tools—by paying banks interest on reserves held at the Fed and by engaging in reverse repurchase agreements (reverse repos) through a new overnight facility. In January 2019, the Fed announced that it would continue using these tools to set interest rates permanently, in which case the balance sheet may not get much smaller than its current size of $4 trillion. With regard to its mandate, the Fed believes that unemployment is currently lower than the rate that it considers consistent with maximum employment, and inflation is close to the Fed's 2% goal by the Fed's preferred measure. Even after recent rate increases, monetary policy is still considered expansionary. This monetary policy stance is unusually stimulative compared with policy in this stage of previous expansions, and is being coupled with a stimulative fiscal policy (larger structural budget deficit). Debate is currently focused on how quickly the Fed should raise rates. Some contend the greater risk is that raising rates too slowly at full employment will cause inflation to become too high or cause financial instability, whereas others contend that raising rates too quickly will cause inflation to remain too low and choke off the expansion."], "length": 45187, "E2E_time": 7.498344351071864, "context_token": 8767}
{"pred": " The Buy American Act of 1933 was established to prioritize the purchase of domestically produced goods by the federal government, aiming to protect American jobs during the Great Depression. The report examines the implementation of this Act, focusing on how federal agencies procure foreign end products through exceptions and waivers. It highlights the role of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979, which allows for the purchase of foreign goods from designated countries under certain conditions. The analysis includes data from fiscal year 2017, showing that foreign end products accounted for less than 5% of total federal contract obligations. The report also identifies challenges in accurately reporting procurement data, particularly through the Federal Procurement Data System-Next Generation (FPDS-NG), and the need for improved training and guidance for contracting officers. Recommendations are made to enhance data accuracy, clarify guidance, and provide additional training to ensure compliance with the Buy American Act.\n</think>\n\nThe Buy American Act of 1933 was established to prioritize the purchase of domestically produced goods by the federal government, aiming to protect American jobs during the Great Depression. The report examines the implementation of this Act, focusing on how federal agencies procure foreign end products through exceptions and waivers. It highlights the role of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979, which allows for the purchase of foreign goods from designated countries under certain conditions. The analysis includes data from fiscal year 2017, showing that foreign end products accounted for less than 5% of total federal contract obligations. The report also identifies challenges in accurately reporting procurement data, particularly through the Federal Procurement Data System-Next Generation (FPDS-NG), and the need for improved training and guidance for contracting officers. Recommendations are made to enhance data accuracy, clarify guidance, and provide additional training to ensure compliance with the Buy American Act.", "answers": ["The Buy American Act of 1933, as amended, is the main U.S. law promoting domestic purchasing. The Act permits agencies to buy foreign end products only under certain exceptions, such as when domestic items are not available at a reasonable cost. Further, U.S. trade agreements waive the Buy American restrictions for certain products. GAO was asked to review implementation of the Buy American Act. This report assesses the extent to which (1) the federal government procures foreign products through Buy American Act exceptions and waivers; and (2) selected agencies provide training and guidance to implement the Act. GAO reviewed laws, regulations, and policies related to the Buy American Act and analyzed data for fiscal year 2017 from FPDS-NG. GAO also analyzed a non-generalizable sample of 38 contracts from DOD, HHS, DHS, and VA—the agencies with the most obligations for products in fiscal year 2017. The 38 awards selected include a mix of foreign and domestic products, as well as dollars obligated. Finally, GAO interviewed cognizant contracting and policy officials from the selected agencies. According to data reported in the Federal Procurement Data System-Next Generation (FPDS-NG) in fiscal year 2017, foreign end products accounted for less than 5 percent—about $7.8 billion—of federal obligations for products potentially subject to the Buy American Act. Federal agencies procured foreign products using exceptions to Buy American Act requirements, as well as through waivers or when the Buy American Act did not apply, as shown in the figure. The amount of foreign end products purchased could be greater than reported in FPDS-NG, however, due to reporting errors and system limitations. GAO found that 6 of the 38 contracts reviewed from the Departments of Defense (DOD), Health and Human Services (HHS), Homeland Security (DHS), and Veterans Affairs (VA) inaccurately recorded waiver or exception information. FPDS-NG system limitations compound these errors because it does not fully capture Buy American Act data. Among other things, the database does not always enable agencies to report the use of exceptions or waivers on contracts for both foreign and domestic products, reducing data accuracy. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is considering strategies to improve Buy American Act data. The four agencies GAO reviewed varied in their approaches to Buy American Act training and guidance. DOD reports that it will have trained more than 18,000 personnel by the end of 2018. DHS reports training almost 1,400 people—approximately 94 percent of its contracting staff—as of April 2018. Some VA courses mention the Act, but none is focused specifically on implementing its requirements. HHS does not have agency-level training or guidance on the Act. GAO found that contracting officers for the contracts it reviewed face challenges implementing Buy American Act requirements. Having specific and targeted Buy American Act guidance and training can better ensure that agencies meet the Act's requirements. GAO is recommending that OMB take steps to improve Buy American Act data and that HHS, DHS, and VA improve agency guidance and training on implementing the Act. All of the agencies either concurred or generally concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 64816, "E2E_time": 8.329547829926014, "context_token": 11792}
{"pred": " The report discusses the evolution of 911 services from basic to Enhanced 911 and introduces Next Generation 911 (NG911), which uses IP-based technology to improve emergency communication. It outlines the challenges states and localities face in transitioning to NG911, including funding, technical and operational issues, and governance. Federal agencies like NHTSA, NTIA, FCC, and DHS are supporting this transition through grants, standards development, and cybersecurity guidance. The report also highlights the need for a National NG911 Roadmap to address national-level tasks and improve coordination among federal, state, and local entities. Recommendations are made to enhance federal leadership and planning to ensure successful implementation of NG911 nationwide.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the evolution of 911 services, from basic to Enhanced 911, and introduces Next Generation 911 (NG911), which leverages IP-based technology to enhance emergency communication capabilities. NG911 allows for the processing of multimedia and improves call routing and data sharing, but its implementation faces challenges such as funding shortages, technical complexities, and governance issues. State and local entities are primarily responsible for NG911 implementation, yet federal agencies like NHTSA, NTIA, FCC, and DHS are providing support through grants, technology standards, and cybersecurity guidance. The report emphasizes the need for a National NG911 Roadmap to address national-level tasks and improve coordination. Recommendations include developing specific goals, clarifying federal roles, and creating an implementation plan to ensure successful NG911 adoption nationwide.", "answers": ["Each year, millions of Americans call 911 for help during emergencies. However, the nation's legacy 911 system relies on aging infrastructure that is not designed to accommodate modern communications technologies. As a result, states and localities are upgrading to NG911, which offers improved capabilities, such as the ability to process images, audio files, and video. While deploying NG911 is the responsibility of state and local entities, federal agencies also support implementation, led by NHTSA's National 911 Program, which facilitates collaboration among federal, state, and local 911 stakeholders. GAO was asked to review NG911 implementation nationwide. This report examines: (1) state and local progress and challenges in implementing NG911 and (2) federal actions to address challenges and planned next steps. GAO reviewed relevant statutes, regulations, and federal agency reports and plans. GAO also analyzed NHTSA's survey data on state 911 implementation for calendar year 2015, the most recent year for which data were available, and interviewed federal officials, state and local officials from nine states (selected to represent different regions and various phases of NG911 implementation), and officials from industry and advocacy groups. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) National 911 Program's most recent national survey on Next Generation 911 (NG911) implementation indicated that about half of states were in some phase of transition to NG911 in 2015, but that state and local progress varied. Specifically, 10 states reported that all 911 authorities in their state processed calls using NG911 systems; however, 18 states reported having no state or local NG911 transition plans in place—which may indicate these states were in the early phases of planning for the transition to NG911 or had not yet begun. GAO spoke with state and local 911 officials in 9 states, which were in various phases of implementing NG911, and found that none of the 9 selected states were accepting images, audio files, or video. State and local 911 officials identified a number of challenges to implementing NG911. Such challenges are related to funding, evolving technology and operations, and governance. For example, officials in 3 states said that the current funding they collect from telephone service subscribers may not be sufficient to support NG911's transition costs while simultaneously funding the operation of existing 911 systems. Federal agencies—including NHTSA, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, the Federal Communications Commission, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security—have responsibilities to support NG911 implementation, such as through coordinating activities and administering grants, and are taking actions to assist state and local entities in addressing challenges to NG911's implementation. Such actions include developing resources, offering technical assistance, and convening stakeholders to explore emerging NG911 issues. For example, as the lead entity for coordinating federal NG911 efforts, NHTSA's National 911 Program is developing resources on NG911 topics, such as federal funding and governance structures. While the National 911 Program is taking steps to facilitate the state and local transition to NG911, the program lacks specific performance goals and measures to assess its progress. Without such goals and measures, it is not clear to what extent the program is effectively achieving its mission. In 2018, the National 911 Program plans to establish an interagency initiative tasked with creating a National NG911 Roadmap. This roadmap is intended to identify next steps for the federal government in supporting the creation of a national, interconnected NG911 system. While the National 911 Program is taking steps to develop a list of national-level tasks as part of its roadmap initiative, the program does not have a plan to identify: (1) roles or responsibilities for federal entities to carry out these tasks or (2) how the program plans to achieve the roadmap's objectives. Collaborating with the appropriate federal agencies to determine federal roles and responsibilities to carry out the roadmap's national-level tasks could reduce barriers to agencies effectively working together to achieve those tasks. Furthermore, developing an implementation plan that details how the roadmap's tasks will be achieved would place the National 911 Program in a better position to effectively lead interagency efforts to implement NG911 nationwide. GAO recommends that NHTSA's National 911 Program develop performance goals and measures and, for the National NG911 Roadmap, determine agencies' roles and responsibilities and develop an implementation plan. NHTSA agreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 44957, "E2E_time": 6.824806136079133, "context_token": 8897}
{"pred": " The Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) administers several programs for railroad workers and their families, including retirement, survivor, disability, unemployment, and sickness insurance. The report details the structure of these programs, their funding sources, eligibility criteria, and benefit calculations. It also highlights the historical trends in railroad employment and the financial aspects of the RRB programs, such as benefit payments and funding sources. The summary should encapsulate the key points of the report in a concise manner.\n</think>\n\nThe Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) oversees programs providing retirement, survivor, disability, unemployment, and sickness insurance for railroad workers and their families under the Railroad Retirement Act (RRA) and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act (RUIA). These programs cover workers in interstate commerce railroads and related entities. Railroad workers with sufficient service receive benefits instead of or in addition to Social Security, depending on their employment history. Since the 1950s, railroad employment has fluctuated, reaching a low of 215,000 in 2010 and peaking at 253,000 in 2015 before declining to 221,000 by FY2017. Beneficiaries under the RRA and RUIA decreased from 623,000 in FY2008 to 574,000 in FY2017, with total benefits rising from $10.1 billion to $12.6 billion.\n\nThe RRA funds benefits through payroll taxes, financial interchanges with Social Security, and transfers from the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust (NRRIT), which invests in government securities and private equities. Tier I taxes mirror Social Security, while Tier II taxes vary annually. Benefits include retirement, disability, and survivor annuities, with Tier I designed to match Social Security benefits and Tier II providing additional payments. Spouses and survivors may also receive benefits, with reductions for other income sources.\n\nThe RUIA provides unemployment and sickness benefits, funded solely by employer payroll taxes. Benefits are available for temporary periods, with maximum daily payments adjusted for economic conditions. Eligibility requires recent railroad service and earnings, with benefits ceasing if the worker earns income. The RRB also offers job placement services for unemployed workers.\n\nIn summary, the RRB administers comprehensive benefits for railroad workers, funded through a mix of taxes and investments, with eligibility and benefits structured to provide financial security across various life circumstances.", "answers": ["The Railroad Retirement Board (RRB), an independent federal agency, administers retirement, survivor, disability, unemployment, and sickness insurance for railroad workers and their families. During FY2017, the RRB paid nearly $12.5 billion in retirement, disability, and survivor benefits to approximately 548,000 beneficiaries and paid $105.4 million in unemployment and sickness benefits to approximately 28,000 claimants. Of the total $12.5 billion benefit payments in the same fiscal year, 60.0% was paid to retired workers, 8.0% to disabled workers, 14.4% to spouses, and 16.8% to survivors. The Railroad Retirement Act (RRA) authorizes retirement, disability, and survivor benefits for railroad workers and their families. RRA is financed primarily by payroll taxes, financial interchanges from Social Security, and transfers from the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust (NRRIT). Railroad retirement payroll taxes have two tiers: the Tier I tax is essentially the same as the Social Security payroll tax and the Tier II tax is set each year based on the railroad retirement system's asset balances, benefit payments, and administrative costs. In FY2017, the gross RRA funding was about $12.7 billion. Railroad retirement annuities are also divided into two tiers. Tier I annuities are designed to be nearly equivalent to Social Security benefits and are based on both railroad retirement and Social Security-covered employment. However, Tier I annuities are more generous than Social Security benefits in certain situations. For example, at the age of 60, railroad workers with at least 30 years of covered railroad work may receive unreduced retirement annuities. Tier II annuities are similar to private pensions and based solely on covered railroad service. Tier II annuities are paid in addition to Tier I annuities. Railroad disability annuities may be payable to totally disabled railroad workers who are permanently disabled from all work and occupational disabled workers who are found to be permanently disabled from their regular railroad occupations. Eligible spouses and survivors of railroad workers may receive a certain portion of Tier I and Tier II benefits, but divorced spouses and surviving divorced spouses are eligible for only a certain portion of Tier I benefits. The Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act (RUIA) authorizes unemployment and sickness benefits for railroad workers. RUIA is financed solely by railroad employers, whose contributions are based on the taxable earnings of their employees. Eligibility for railroad unemployment and sickness benefits is based on recent railroad service and earnings. The maximum daily unemployment and sickness benefit payable in the benefit year that began July 1, 2018, is $77, and the maximum benefit for a biweekly claim is $770. Normal benefits are paid for up to 26 weeks in a benefit year. The railroad unemployment and sickness system remains affected by sequestration, as unemployment benefits will continue to be reduced through at least September 30, 2019."], "length": 22465, "E2E_time": 8.175644915085286, "context_token": 4879}
{"pred": " The report details the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) mission, structure, and challenges in providing healthcare and benefits to veterans. It highlights the importance of IT infrastructure, particularly the VistA system, and discusses ongoing efforts to modernize it. The report also addresses issues with legacy systems, data center consolidation, and compliance with FITARA. It concludes with recommendations for improving IT management and modernization efforts.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is tasked with providing comprehensive healthcare, benefits, and memorials to veterans, supported by three major components: the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), and National Cemetery Administration (NCA). The VA relies heavily on its IT infrastructure, particularly the VistA system, which has been in use since the 1980s. Despite efforts to modernize VistA through initiatives like HealtheVet, iEHR, and VistA Evolution, the VA has faced challenges with outdated systems, interoperability, and high costs. Recent plans to adopt Cerner's electronic health record system aim to improve care coordination with the Department of Defense (DOD). The report also highlights issues with legacy systems, such as PAID and BDN, and the need for data center consolidation and compliance with FITARA. While progress has been made in software licensing, further action is required in areas like incremental development and data center optimization to enhance IT management and modernization efforts.", "answers": ["The use of IT is crucial to helping VA effectively serve the nation's veterans and, each year, the department spends billions of dollars on its information systems and assets. However, VA has faced challenges spanning a number of critical initiatives related to modernizing its major systems. To improve all major federal agencies' acquisitions and hold them accountable for reducing duplication and achieving cost savings, in December 2014 Congress enacted federal IT acquisition reform legislation (commonly referred to as the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act , or FITARA). GAO was asked to summarize its previous and ongoing work regarding VA's history of efforts to modernize VistA, including past use of contractors, and the department's recent effort to acquire a commercial electronic health record system to replace VistA. GAO was also asked to provide an update on VA's progress in key FITARA-related areas, including (1) data center consolidation and optimization, (2) incremental system development practices, and (3) software license management. VA generally agreed with the information upon which this statement is based. For nearly two decades, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has undertaken multiple efforts to modernize its health information system—the Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (known as VistA). Two of VA's most recent efforts included the Integrated Electronic Health Record (iEHR) program, a joint program with the Department of Defense (DOD) intended to replace separate systems used by VA and DOD with a single system; and the VistA Evolution program, which was to modernize VistA with additional capabilities and a better interface for all users. VA has relied extensively on assistance from contractors for these efforts. VA obligated over $1.1 billion for contracts with 138 contractors during fiscal years 2011 through 2016 for iEHR and VistA Evolution. Contract data showed that the 15 key contractors that worked on both programs accounted for $741 million of the funding obligated for system development, project management, and operations and maintenance to support the two programs (see figure). VA recently announced that it intends to change its VistA modernization approach and acquire the same electronic health record system that DOD is implementing. With respect to key FITARA-related areas, the department has reported progress on consolidating and optimizing its data centers, although this progress has fallen short of targets set by the Office of Management and Budget. VA has also reported $23.61 million in data center-related cost savings, yet does not expect to realize further savings from additional closures. In addition, VA's Chief Information Officer (CIO) certified the use of adequate incremental development for 10 of the department's major IT investments; however, VA has not yet updated its policy and process for CIO certification as GAO recommended. Finally, VA has issued a software licensing policy and has generated an inventory of its software licenses to inform future investment decisions. GAO has made multiple recommendations to VA aimed at improving the department's IT management. VA has generally agreed with the recommendations and begun taking responsive actions."], "length": 39764, "E2E_time": 6.091110873036087, "context_token": 7679}
{"pred": " The report examines the impact of climate change on migration and its implications for national security, focusing on the roles of the U.S. Department of State (State), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and the Department of Defense (DOD). It highlights how climate change exacerbates slow-onset disasters like drought and sea level rise, as well as increases the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, leading to both internal and cross-border migration. The report notes that while migration due to climate change is often internal, it can contribute to instability and national security challenges, such as resource competition and governance strain.\n\nThe analysis reviews executive branch actions from fiscal years 2014 through 2018, noting shifts in priorities between administrations. The previous administration emphasized climate resilience and adaptation, while the current administration reduced funding for climate initiatives. State, USAID, and DOD have integrated climate considerations into their strategies but lack consistent guidance, particularly for assessing climate-related migration risks.\n\nThe report also discusses regional impacts, such as rising sea levels in Asia and the Arctic, drought in Sub-Saharan Africa, and extreme weather in Central America and the Caribbean, each contributing to migration trends. It concludes with a recommendation for State to provide clearer guidance on climate risk assessments to ensure consistent consideration of climate change impacts on migration and stability.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the impact of climate change on migration and its implications for national security, focusing on the roles of the U.S. Department of State (State), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and the Department of Defense (DOD). It highlights how climate change exacerbates slow-onset disasters like drought and sea level rise, as well as increases the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, leading to both internal and cross-border migration. The report notes that while migration due to climate change is often internal, it can contribute to instability and national security challenges, such as resource competition and governance strain.\n\nThe analysis reviews executive branch actions from fiscal years 2014 through 2018, noting shifts in priorities between administrations. The previous administration emphasized climate resilience and adaptation, while the current administration reduced funding for climate initiatives. State, USAID, and DOD have integrated climate considerations into their strategies but lack consistent guidance, particularly for assessing climate-related migration risks.\n\nThe report also discusses regional impacts, such as rising sea levels in Asia and the Arctic, drought in Sub-Saharan Africa, and extreme weather in Central America and the Caribbean, each contributing to migration trends. It concludes with a recommendation for State to provide clearer guidance on climate risk assessments to ensure consistent consideration of climate change impacts on migration and stability.", "answers": ["The effects of climate change, combined with other factors, may alter human migration trends across the globe, according to the International Organization for Migration. For example, climate change can increase the frequency and intensity of natural disasters, causing populations to move from an area. Climate change can also intensify slow-onset disasters, such as drought, crop failure, or sea level rise, potentially altering longer-term migration trends. GAO was asked to review how U.S. agencies address climate change as a potential driver of global migration. For State, USAID, and DOD, this report (1) describes executive branch actions related to climate change and migration from fiscal years 2014 through 2018; (2) examines the extent to which the agencies discussed the potential effects of climate change on migration in their plans and risk assessments; and (3) describes agency activities on the issue. GAO analyzed documents on administration priorities; reviewed agency plans, risk assessments, and documentation of agency activities; and interviewed agency officials. From fiscal years 2014 through 2018, a variety of executive branch actions related to climate change—such as executive orders and strategies—affected the Department of State (State), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and the Department of Defense (DOD), including their activities that could potentially address the nexus of climate change and migration. For example, a fiscal year 2016 presidential memorandum—rescinded in 2017—required agencies to develop implementation plans to identify the potential impact of climate change on human mobility, among other things. In general, however, climate change as a driver of migration was not a focus of the executive branch actions. For example, a fiscal year 2014 executive order—also rescinded in 2017—requiring agencies to prepare for the impacts of climate change did not highlight migration as a particular concern. State, USAID, and DOD have discussed the potential effects of climate change on migration in agency plans and risk assessments. For example, State and USAID required climate change risk assessments when developing country and regional strategies, and a few of the strategies reviewed by GAO identified the nexus of climate change and migration as a risk. However, State changed its approach in 2017, no longer providing missions with guidance on whether and how to include climate change risks in their integrated country strategies. In doing so, State did not include in its 2018 guidance to the missions any information on how to include climate change risks, should the missions choose to do so. Without clear guidance, State may miss opportunities to identify and address issues related to climate change as a potential driver of migration. The three agencies have been involved in climate change related activities but none were specifically focused on the nexus with global migration. For example, USAID officials said that the agency's adaptation efforts, such as its Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement through Market Expansion project in Ethiopia, were the most likely to include activities, such as enhancing resilience, that can indirectly address the issue of climate change as a driver of migration. GAO recommends that State provide missions with guidance that clearly documents its process for climate change risk assessments for country strategies. In commenting on a draft of this report, State indicated that it would update its integrated country strategy guidance and will specifically note that missions have the option to provide additional information on climate resilience and related topics."], "length": 95159, "E2E_time": 12.961176753044128, "context_token": 18213}
{"pred": " The report examines the evolution of executive discretion in the United States, particularly focusing on the delegation of emergency powers to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) and the National Emergencies Act (NEA). It traces the historical development of emergency powers from the Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA) in the early 20th century to the current framework established by IEEPA and NEA. The report highlights how these statutes have been used to address various crises, including wars, economic downturns, and national security threats, and how they have expanded the President's authority over international trade and economic transactions. It also discusses the constitutional debates surrounding the balance between executive power and congressional oversight, as well as the challenges of defining \"national emergencies\" and ensuring accountability. The report concludes by noting that while IEEPA and NEA were intended to limit executive discretion, their broad application and the lack of congressional action to terminate declared emergencies have led to concerns about the erosion of checks and balances. It suggests potential reforms, such as clearer definitions of emergencies, enhanced congressional oversight, and sunset provisions, to address these issues.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the historical progression of executive discretion in the United States, emphasizing the delegation of emergency powers to the President through the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) and the National Emergencies Act (NEA). It begins by tracing the origins of emergency powers under the Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA) during the early 20th century and their subsequent evolution into the current framework established by IEEPA and NEA. The report illustrates how these statutes have been instrumental in addressing various crises, including wars, economic crises, and national security threats, thereby expanding the President's authority over international trade and economic transactions.\n\nThe document also explores the constitutional debates surrounding the balance between executive power and congressional oversight, highlighting the challenges in defining \"national emergencies\" and ensuring accountability. It notes that while IEEPA and NEA were designed to constrain executive discretion, their broad application and the lack of congressional action to terminate declared emergencies have raised concerns about the erosion of checks and balances. The report concludes by suggesting potential reforms, such as clearer definitions of emergencies, enhanced congressional oversight, and the implementation of sunset provisions, to address these concerns and restore a more balanced approach to emergency powers.", "answers": ["The International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) provides the President broad authority to regulate a variety of economic transactions following a declaration of national emergency. IEEPA, like the Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA) from which it branched, sits at the center of the modern U.S. sanctions regime. Changes in the use of IEEPA powers since the act's enactment in 1977 have caused some to question whether the statute's oversight provisions are robust enough given the sweeping economic powers it confers upon the President upon declaration of a state of emergency. Over the course of the twentieth century, Congress delegated increasing amounts of emergency power to the President by statute. The Trading with the Enemy Act was one such statute. Congress passed TWEA in 1917 to regulate international transactions with enemy powers following the U.S. entry into the First World War. Congress expanded the act during the 1930s to allow the President to declare a national emergency in times of peace and assume sweeping powers over both domestic and international transactions. Between 1945 and the early 1970s, TWEA became a critically important means to impose sanctions as part of U.S. Cold War strategy. Presidents used TWEA to block international financial transactions, seize U.S.-based assets held by foreign nationals, restrict exports, modify regulations to deter the hoarding of gold, limit foreign direct investment in U.S. companies, and impose tariffs on all imports into the United States. Following committee investigations that discovered that the United States had been in a state of emergency for more than 40 years, Congress passed the National Emergencies Act (NEA) in 1976 and IEEPA in 1977. The pair of statutes placed new limits on presidential emergency powers. Both included reporting requirements to increase transparency and track costs, and the NEA required the President to annually assess and extend, if appropriate, the emergency. However, some experts argue that the renewal process has become pro forma. The NEA also afforded Congress the means to terminate a national emergency by adopting a concurrent resolution in each chamber. A decision by the Supreme Court, in a landmark immigration case, however, found the use of concurrent resolutions to terminate an executive action unconstitutional. Congress amended the statute to require a joint resolution, significantly increasing the difficulty of terminating an emergency. Like TWEA, IEEPA has become an important means to impose economic-based sanctions since its enactment; like TWEA, Presidents have frequently used IEEPA to restrict a variety of international transactions; and like TWEA, the subjects of the restrictions, the frequency of use, and the duration of emergencies have expanded over time. Initially, Presidents targeted foreign states or their governments. Over the years, however, presidential administrations have increasingly used IEEPA to target individuals, groups, and non-state actors such as terrorists and persons who engage in malicious cyber-enabled activities. As of March 1, 2019, Presidents had declared 54 national emergencies invoking IEEPA, 29 of which are still ongoing. Typically, national emergencies invoking IEEPA last nearly a decade, although some have lasted significantly longer--the first state of emergency declared under the NEA and IEEPA, which was declared in response to the taking of U.S. embassy staff as hostages by Iran in 1979, may soon enter its fifth decade. IEEPA grants sweeping powers to the President to control economic transactions. Despite these broad powers, Congress has never attempted to terminate a national emergency invoking IEEPA. Instead, Congress has directed the President on numerous occasions to use IEEPA authorities to impose sanctions. Congress may want to consider whether IEEPA appropriately balances the need for swift action in a time of crisis with Congress' duty to oversee executive action. Congress may also want to consider IEEPA's role in implementing its influence in U.S. foreign policy and national security decision-making."], "length": 96052, "E2E_time": 12.222984897904098, "context_token": 18664}
{"pred": " The report examines the national pipeline system, which spans over 2.7 million miles and transports oil, natural gas, and hazardous liquids. It highlights the criticality of these pipelines to the nation's energy infrastructure and the vulnerabilities they face, including physical attacks, cyber threats, and natural disasters. The report also evaluates the effectiveness of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and other federal agencies in securing these pipelines. Key findings include the need for clearer guidelines, improved risk assessments, and better data management to enhance pipeline security. The report concludes with recommendations to TSA to address these issues and improve the resilience of the pipeline network.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the U.S. national pipeline system, which spans over 2.7 million miles and is crucial for transporting oil, natural gas, and hazardous liquids. It underscores the importance of these pipelines to the nation's energy infrastructure while highlighting significant vulnerabilities, such as physical attacks, cyber threats, and natural disasters. The report also assesses the efforts of federal agencies, particularly the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), in safeguarding these pipelines.\n\nKey findings include the need for clearer guidelines for determining critical facilities, improved risk assessment methodologies, and better data management to enhance security measures. The report emphasizes the dynamic threat environment, including evolving cyber threats and physical sabotage by activists, and the importance of addressing these challenges to ensure the resilience of the pipeline network.\n\nThe report concludes with recommendations for TSA to implement a documented process for reviewing guidelines, clarify criticality criteria, develop a strategic workforce plan, update risk assessment tools, and improve data reliability. These steps aim to strengthen the security and resilience of the pipeline system, ensuring it remains robust against current and future threats.", "answers": ["More than 2.7 million miles of pipeline transport and distribute oil, natural gas, and other hazardous products throughout the United States. Interstate pipelines run through remote areas and highly populated urban areas, and are vulnerable to accidents, operating errors, and malicious physical and cyber-based attack or intrusion. The energy sector accounted for 35 percent of the 796 critical infrastructure cyber incidents reported to DHS from 2013 to 2015. Several federal and private entities have roles in pipeline security. TSA is primarily responsible for the oversight of pipeline physical security and cybersecurity. GAO was asked to review TSA's efforts to assess and enhance pipeline security and cybersecurity. This report examines, among other objectives: (1) the guidance pipeline operators reported using to address security risks and the extent that TSA ensures its guidelines reflect the current threat environment; (2) the extent that TSA has assessed pipeline systems' security risks; and (3) the extent TSA has assessed its effectiveness in reducing pipeline security risks. GAO analyzed TSA documents, such as its Pipeline Security Guidelines ; evaluated TSA pipeline risk assessment efforts; and interviewed TSA officials, 10 U.S. pipeline operators—selected based on volume, geography, and material transported—and representatives from five industry associations. Pipeline operators reported using a range of guidelines and standards to address physical and cybersecurity risks, including the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) Pipeline Security Guidelines , initially issued in 2011. TSA issued revised guidelines in March 2018 to reflect changes in the threat environment and incorporate most of the principles and practices from the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity . However, TSA's revisions do not include all elements of the current framework and TSA does not have a documented process for reviewing and revising its guidelines on a regular basis. Without such a documented process, TSA cannot ensure that its guidelines reflect the latest known standards and best practices for physical security and cybersecurity, or address the dynamic security threat environment that pipelines face. Further, GAO found that the guidelines lack clear definitions to ensure that pipeline operators identify their critical facilities. GAO's analysis showed that operators of at least 34 of the nation's top 100 critical pipeline systems (determined by volume of product transported) deemed highest risk had identified no critical facilities. This may be due, in part, to the guidelines not clearly defining the criteria to determine facilities' criticality. To assess pipeline security risks, TSA conducts pipeline security reviews—Corporate Security Reviews and Critical Facility Security Reviews—to assess pipeline systems' vulnerabilities. However, GAO found that the number of TSA security reviews has varied considerably over the last several years, as shown in the table on the following page. TSA officials stated that staffing limitations have prevented TSA from conducting more reviews. Staffing levels for TSA's Pipeline Security Branch have varied significantly since fiscal year 2010 with the number of staff ranging from 14 full-time equivalents in fiscal years 2012 and 2013 to 1 in 2014. Further, TSA does not have a strategic workforce plan to help ensure it identifies the skills and competencies—such as the required level of cybersecurity expertise—necessary to carry out its pipeline security responsibilities. By establishing a strategic workforce plan, TSA can help ensure that it has identified the necessary skills, competencies, and staffing. GAO also identified factors that likely limit the usefulness of TSA's risk assessment methodology for prioritizing pipeline system reviews. Specifically, TSA has not updated its risk assessment methodology since 2014 to reflect current threats to the pipeline industry. Further, its sources of data and underlying assumptions and judgments regarding certain threat and vulnerability inputs are not fully documented. In addition, the risk assessment has not been peer reviewed since its inception in 2007. Taking steps to strengthen its risk assessment, and initiating an independent, external peer review would provide greater assurance that TSA ranks relative risk among pipeline systems using comprehensive and accurate data and methods. TSA has established performance measures to monitor pipeline security review recommendations, analyze their results, and assess effectiveness in reducing risks. However, these measures do not possess key attributes—such as clarity, and having measurable targets—that GAO has found are key to successful performance measures. By taking steps to ensure that its pipeline security program performance measures exhibit these key attributes, TSA could better assess its effectiveness at reducing pipeline systems' security risks. Pipeline Security Branch officials also reported conducting security reviews as the primary means for assessing the effectiveness of TSA's efforts to reduce pipeline security risks. However, TSA has not tracked the status of Corporate Security Review recommendations for the past 5 years. Until TSA monitors and records the status of these reviews' recommendations, it will be hindered in its efforts to determine whether its recommendations are leading to significant reduction in risk. GAO makes 10 recommendations to TSA to improve its pipeline security program management (many are listed on the next page), and DHS concurred. GAO recommends, among other things, that the TSA Administrator take the following actions: implement a documented process for reviewing, and if deemed necessary, for revising TSA's Pipeline Security Guidelines at defined intervals; clarify TSA's Pipeline Security Guidelines by defining key terms within its criteria for determining critical facilities; develop a strategic workforce plan for TSA's Security Policy and Industry Engagement‘s Surface Division; update TSA's pipeline risk assessment methodology to include current data to ensure it reflects industry conditions and threats; fully document the data sources, underlying assumptions and judgments that form the basis of TSA's pipeline risk assessment methodology; take steps to coordinate an independent, external peer review of TSA's pipeline risk assessment methodology; ensure the Security Policy and Industry Engagement‘s Surface Division has a suite of performance measures which exhibit key attributes of successful performance measures; and enter information on Corporate Security Review recommendations and monitor and record their status."], "length": 107343, "E2E_time": 10.262760549318045, "context_token": 18646}
{"pred": " The report discusses the U.S. Department of Defense's (DOD) efforts to enhance its global defense posture in Europe through the European Reassurance Initiative (ERI). Established in response to Russia's actions in Ukraine, ERI aims to strengthen U.S. military presence, infrastructure, and partnerships in the region. The report highlights the challenges DOD faces in planning and funding these initiatives, particularly the use of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funds for long-term projects. It also outlines recommendations to improve cost estimation, prioritization, and congressional communication regarding ERI's future costs.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the U.S. Department of Defense's (DOD) efforts to bolster its global defense posture in Europe through the European Reassurance Initiative (ERI), launched in response to Russia's actions in Ukraine. ERI focuses on enhancing military presence, infrastructure, and partnerships in the region. The report outlines the challenges DOD faces, particularly the use of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funds for long-term projects, and provides recommendations to improve cost estimation, prioritization, and communication with Congress about ERI's future costs.", "answers": ["In response to Russia's annexation of Crimea in March 2014, the President announced the ERI, to reassure allies in Europe of U.S. commitment to their security. This initiative has been funded using OCO appropriations, which Congress provides in addition to DOD's base budget appropriations. The Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying the Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, included a provision for GAO to review matters related to ERI. In this report, we (1) describe changes in ERI's objectives, funding under ERI, and DOD's posture in Europe since 2014 and (2) evaluate the extent to which DOD's planning processes for posture initiatives funded under ERI prioritize those initiatives, estimate their long-term costs, and communicate their estimated costs to Congress. GAO analyzed DOD strategy documentation, budget and cost analysis guidance, budget justification materials, and cost and obligations data. GAO also interviewed knowledgeable officials within the Office of the Secretary of Defense, U.S. European Command, the military services, and the State Department. Since 2014, the Department of Defense (DOD) has expanded the European Reassurance Initiative's (ERI) objectives, increased its funding, and planned enhancements to European posture. DOD expanded ERI's objectives from the short-term reassurance of allies and partners to include deterring Russian aggression in the long term and developing the capacity to field a credible combined force should deterrence fail. With respect to funding, DOD will have requested approximately $4.5 billion for ERI's posture enhancements through the end of fiscal year 2017 (about $3.2 billion for fiscal year 2017 alone), and in July 2016 EUCOM identified funding needs for future posture initiatives. The expansion of ERI's objectives has contributed to DOD's enhancing its posture in Europe. Specifically, DOD has increased the size and duration of Army combat unit deployments, planned to preposition Army equipment in Eastern Europe, added new enduring locations (e.g., locations that DOD expects to access and use to support U.S. security interests for the foreseeable future), improved infrastructure, and negotiated new agreements with European nations. As of April 2017, DOD was considering further force enhancements under ERI as part of the department's ERI budget request. DOD also was reviewing whether new enduring locations to support ERI were needed and was considering other improvements to existing infrastructure. DOD's process for planning ERI has not established priorities among posture initiatives funded under ERI relative to those in its base budget, nor estimated long-term sustainment costs for some posture initiatives funded under ERI, nor communicated future costs to Congress. ERI is being planned using a separate process from DOD's established processes and is funded from DOD's overseas contingency operations (OCO) appropriations. GAO found several weaknesses: Lack of prioritization : DOD establishes priorities among ERI posture initiatives but has not evaluated them against base budget initiatives using its posture management process. As a result, DOD lacks an understanding of the relative importance of ERI initiatives and may be investing in projects that it will not continue should OCO funding become unavailable. Lack of sustainment costs : EUCOM and the military services have not fully estimated the long-term costs to sustain equipment and construction funded under ERI. Based on DOD's approach for calculating rough order sustainment costs, GAO determined that these costs could be substantial. DOD officials said that GAO correctly applied DOD's approach for estimating sustainment costs, but noted that actual costs may be lower, because the military services may not fully fund sustainment. In the absence of comprehensive estimates, DOD has been limited in its ability to assess affordability and plan for future costs. Not communicating future costs : DOD limits Congress's visibility into the resources needed to implement ERI and achieve its objectives because it does not include future costs in its ERI budget request. This is a public version of a classified report issued in August 2017. Information on specific posture planning, guidance, and budget estimates that DOD deemed to be classified have been omitted from this report. GAO recommends that DOD prioritize ERI posture initiatives against initiatives in its base budget, develop cost estimates for sustaining initiatives, and communicate future costs to Congress. DOD partially concurred with GAO's recommendations. GAO continues to believe that these recommendations are warranted."], "length": 34215, "E2E_time": 4.890319037716836, "context_token": 6481}
{"pred": " The report examines federal and state Medicaid spending on long-term care, particularly focusing on home and community-based services (HCBS) such as assisted living facilities. It highlights the increasing costs, the role of CMS and state agencies in oversight, and the challenges in ensuring the health and welfare of beneficiaries. The report also discusses the lack of standardized oversight frameworks for assisted living facilities compared to nursing homes and the variations in state approaches to monitoring critical incidents. Recommendations are made to improve CMS's oversight and reporting requirements.\n</think>\n\nThe report analyzes federal and state Medicaid spending on long-term care, emphasizing home and community-based services (HCBS), such as assisted living facilities. It notes the rising costs, with spending increasing from $146 billion in 2013 to $158 billion in 2015, and highlights the significant portion allocated to HCBS. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and state agencies share responsibilities for overseeing these programs, with CMS setting regulations and states managing day-to-day operations. The report underscores challenges in ensuring beneficiary health and welfare, particularly in assisted living facilities, due to the lack of standardized oversight compared to nursing homes. States vary in their approaches to monitoring critical incidents, with many unable to provide data on such events. The report recommends enhancing CMS's oversight by clarifying reporting requirements, establishing standardized critical incident reporting, and ensuring timely submission of annual reports to improve beneficiary protection.", "answers": ["The number of individuals receiving long term care services from Medicaid in community residential settings is expected to grow. These settings, which include assisted living facilities, provide a range of services that allow aged and disabled beneficiaries, who might otherwise require nursing home care, to remain in the community. State Medicaid programs and CMS, the federal agency responsible for overseeing the state programs, share responsibility for ensuring that beneficiaries' health and welfare is protected. GAO was asked to examine state and federal oversight of assisted living services in Medicaid. This report (1) describes state spending on and coverage of these services, (2) describes how state Medicaid agencies oversee the health and welfare of beneficiaries in these settings, and (3) examines the extent that CMS oversees state Medicaid agency monitoring of assisted living services. GAO surveyed all state Medicaid agencies and interviewed officials in a nongeneralizeable sample of three states with varied oversight processes for their assisted living programs. GAO reviewed regulations and guidance, and interviewed CMS officials. State Medicaid agencies in 48 states that covered assisted living services reported spending more than $10 billion (federal and state) on assisted living services in 2014. These 48 states reported covering these services for more than 330,000 beneficiaries through more than 130 different programs. Most programs were operated under Medicaid waivers that allow states to target certain populations, limit enrollment, or restrict services to certain geographic areas. With respect to oversight of their largest assisted living programs, state Medicaid agencies reported varied approaches to overseeing beneficiary health and welfare, particularly in how they monitored critical incidents involving beneficiaries receiving assisted living services. State Medicaid agencies are required to protect beneficiary health and welfare and operate systems to monitor for critical incidents—cases of potential or actual harm to beneficiaries such as abuse, neglect, or exploitation. Twenty-six state Medicaid agencies could not report to GAO the number of critical incidents that occurred in assisted living facilities, citing reasons including the inability to track incidents by provider type (9 states), lack of a system to collect critical incidents (9 states), and lack of a system that could identify Medicaid beneficiaries (5 states). State Medicaid agencies varied in what types of critical incidents they monitored. All states identified physical, emotional, or sexual abuse as a critical incident. A number of states did not identify other incidents that may indicate potential harm or neglect such as medication errors (7 states) and unexplained death (3 states). State Medicaid agencies varied in whether they made information on critical incidents and other key information available to the public. Thirty-four states made critical incident information available to the public by phone, website, or in person, while another 14 states did not have such information available at all. Oversight of state monitoring of assisted living services by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), is limited by gaps in state reporting. States are required to annually report to CMS information on deficiencies affecting beneficiary health and welfare for the most common program used to provide assisted living services. However, states have latitude in what they consider a deficiency. States also must describe their systems for monitoring critical incidents, but CMS does not require states to annually report data from their systems. Under federal internal control standards, agencies should have processes to identify information needed to achieve objectives and address risk. Without clear guidance on reportable deficiencies and no requirement to report critical incidents, CMS may be unaware of problems. For example, CMS found, after an in-depth review in one selected state seeking to renew its program, that the state lacked an effective system for assuring beneficiary health and welfare, including reporting insufficient information on the number of unexpected or suspicious beneficiary deaths. The state had not reported any deficiencies in annual reports submitted to CMS in 5 prior years. GAO recommendations to CMS include clarifying state requirements for reporting program deficiencies and requiring annual reporting of critical incidents. HHS concurred with GAO's recommendations to clarify deficiency reporting and stated that it would consider annual reporting requirements for critical incidents after completing an ongoing review."], "length": 40558, "E2E_time": 5.802331673912704, "context_token": 7250}
{"pred": " The report examines the roles of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) in regulating rail transportation safety in the United States. FRA oversees safety on the general railroad system, which includes freight and intercity passenger railroads, while FTA is responsible for rail transit systems within metropolitan areas. The report highlights the challenges faced by FTA in implementing a comprehensive safety oversight program, particularly in ensuring state safety agencies have adequate resources and enforcement capabilities. It also discusses the strengths and limitations of FRA's and FTA's approaches to safety regulation, inspections, and enforcement. The report concludes with recommendations for FTA to improve its oversight by providing guidance on risk-based inspection programs and monitoring the effectiveness of state enforcement practices.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the roles of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) in regulating rail transportation safety in the United States. FRA oversees safety on the general railroad system, which includes freight and intercity passenger railroads, while FTA is responsible for rail transit systems within metropolitan areas. The report highlights the challenges faced by FTA in implementing a comprehensive safety oversight program, particularly in ensuring state safety agencies have adequate resources and enforcement capabilities. It also discusses the strengths and limitations of FRA's and FTA's approaches to safety regulation, inspections, and enforcement. The report concludes with recommendations for FTA to improve its oversight by providing guidance on risk-based inspection programs and monitoring the effectiveness of state enforcement practices.", "answers": ["In 2012 and 2015, DOT was provided with additional authority to oversee the safety of rail transit. Within DOT, FTA is now implementing this authority. The DOT's Office of Inspector General has reported, though, that FTA faces challenges in carrying out its enhanced safety oversight. FRA, also in DOT, has long carried out safety oversight of freight, intercity passenger, and commuter railroads. GAO was asked to review various rail safety and oversight issues, including the differences between FRA's and FTA's rail safety oversight programs. This report examines (1) key characteristics of FRA's and FTA's rail safety oversight programs and (2) strengths and limitations of FRA's and FTA's rail safety oversight programs. GAO assessed FRA's and FTA's information about rail safety oversight activities against guidance from the Office of Management and Budget, leading practices developed by the transit industry, and federal standards for internal control. GAO also interviewed stakeholders, including rail operators chosen based on mode, size, and location. The Department of Transportation's (DOT) Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and Federal Transit Administration (FTA) carry out different approaches to rail safety oversight. FRA has a more centralized safety oversight program for railroads, while FTA's program for oversight of rail transit safety largely relies on state safety agencies to monitor and enforce rail transit safety, as established in federal statute. Key characteristics of both programs include: (1) safety regulations, (2) inspections and other oversight activities, and (3) enforcement mechanisms to ensure that safety deficiencies are addressed (see figure). There are strengths and limitations to FRA's and FTA's approaches to their safety oversight missions, including how the two agencies develop safety regulations, conduct inspections, and carry out enforcement. The National Transportation Safety Board has reported, and stakeholders GAO spoke with generally agreed, that strengths of FRA's rail safety oversight program include its safety regulations, its risk-based inspection program, and its enforcement authorities. FRA also has potential limitations in its oversight framework, though, such as difficulty evaluating the effectiveness of its enforcement mechanisms. FTA has made some progress implementing changes to the rail transit safety program. However, FTA has not provided all the necessary guidance and support to states' safety agencies to ensure they develop appropriate and effective rail transit safety inspection programs. In particular, FTA has not provided states with guidance on how to develop and implement risk-based inspection programs. Though FTA has said that it will develop such guidance, it does not have a plan or timeline to do so. Without guidance from FTA on how to develop and carry out risk-based inspections, state safety agencies may not allocate their limited resources efficiently, and important safety issues may go undetected. In addition, FTA has not developed a process or methodology to evaluate whether state safety agency enforcement authorities and practices are effective. Without clear evidence that state safety agencies' enforcement is effective, states and FTA may not be able to compel rail transit operators to remedy safety deficiencies. As a result, deficiencies may remain for long periods, potentially contributing to safety incidents. GAO recommends that FTA (1) create a plan, with timeline, for developing risk-based inspection guidance for state safety agencies, and (2) develop and communicate a method for how FTA will monitor whether state safety agencies' enforcement practices are effective. DOT agreed with our recommendations. DOT, NTSB, and WMATA provided technical comments that we incorporated as appropriate."], "length": 55047, "E2E_time": 6.755429699085653, "context_token": 9906}
{"pred": " The report details NASA's Commercial Crew Program, which aims to develop commercial crew transportation systems to end reliance on Russian spacecraft for ISS access. Key points include the program's multi-phased approach, challenges faced by Boeing and SpaceX, delays in certification, and the lack of a contingency plan for ISS access. The report also highlights safety concerns, particularly regarding the loss of crew metric, and the dual-hatted role of the safety technical authority within the program. Recommendations are made to improve transparency, develop contingency plans, address safety metrics, and restructure roles to enhance independence.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines NASA's Commercial Crew Program, a multi-phased initiative launched in 2010 to develop commercial crew transportation systems, reducing reliance on Russian spacecraft for access to the International Space Station (ISS). Key aspects include the program's structure, challenges faced by Boeing and SpaceX, delays in certification, and the absence of a contingency plan for ISS access. Safety concerns, particularly the inconsistent use of the loss of crew metric, and the dual-hatted role of the safety technical authority are highlighted. The report recommends enhancing transparency by including schedule risk analysis in reports to Congress, developing a contingency plan, addressing safety metrics, and restructuring roles to ensure independence.", "answers": ["In 2014, NASA awarded two firm-fixed-price contracts to Boeing and SpaceX, worth a combined total of up to $6.8 billion, to develop crew transportation systems and conduct initial missions to the ISS. In February 2017, GAO found that both contractors had made progress, but their schedules were under mounting pressure. The contractors were originally required to provide NASA all the evidence it needed to certify that their systems met its requirements by 2017. A House report accompanying H.R. 5393 included a provision for GAO to review the progress of NASA's human exploration programs. This report examines the Commercial Crew Program, including (1) the extent to which the contractors have made progress towards certification and (2) how NASA's certification process addresses safety of the contractors' crew transportation systems. GAO analyzed contracts, schedules, and other documentation and spoke with officials from NASA, the Commercial Crew Program, Boeing, SpaceX, and two of NASA's independent review bodies that provide oversight. Both of the Commercial Crew Program's contractors, Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX), are making progress finalizing designs and building hardware for their crew transportation systems, but both contractors continue to delay their certification milestone (see figure). Certification is the process that the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) will use to ensure that each contractor's system meets its requirements for human spaceflight for the Commercial Crew Program. Further delays are likely as the Commercial Crew Program's schedule risk analysis shows that the certification milestone is likely to slip. The analysis identifies a range for each contractor, with an earliest and latest possible completion date, as well as an average. The average certification date was December 2019 for Boeing and January 2020 for SpaceX, according to the program's April 2018 analysis. Since the Space Shuttle was retired in 2011, the United States has been relying on Russia to carry astronauts to and from the International Space Station (ISS). Additional delays could result in a gap in U.S. access to the space station as NASA has contracted for seats on the Russian Soyuz spacecraft only through November 2019. NASA is considering potential options, but it does not have a contingency plan for ensuring uninterrupted U.S. access. NASA's certification process addresses the safety of the contractors' crew transportation systems through several mechanisms, but there are factors that complicate the process. One of these factors is the loss of crew metric that was put in place to capture the probability of death or permanent disability to an astronaut. NASA has not identified a consistent approach for how to assess loss of crew. As a result, officials across NASA have multiple ways of assessing the metric that may yield different results. Consequently, the risk tolerance level that NASA is accepting with loss of crew varies based upon which entity is presenting the results of its assessment. Federal internal controls state that management should define risk tolerances so they are clear and measurable. Without a consistent approach for assessing the metric, the agency as a whole may not clearly capture or document its risk tolerance with respect to loss of crew. GAO is making five recommendations, including that NASA develop a contingency plan for ensuring a U.S. presence on the ISS and clarify how it will determine its risk tolerance for loss of crew. NASA concurred with three recommendations; partially concurred on the recommendation related to loss of crew; and non-concurred with a recommendation to report its schedule analysis to Congress. GAO believes these recommendations remain valid, as discussed in the report."], "length": 63908, "E2E_time": 6.564671452157199, "context_token": 11656}
{"pred": " The report examines the appointment processes for leaders of eight legislative branch agencies and entities. It highlights the various methods used to appoint these leaders, including presidential appointment with Senate consent, congressional appointment, and appointment by a board or individual. The report also discusses historical attempts to reform these appointment processes, focusing on the balance between congressional prerogatives and constitutional provisions. It provides detailed information on each agency's appointment process, tenure, removal provisions, salaries, and recent appointments. Additionally, it addresses legislative efforts to change the appointment process for the Register of Copyrights, which were not enacted during the 115th Congress.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the appointment processes for the leaders of eight key legislative branch agencies and entities. These include the Government Accountability Office, Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, Office of the Architect of the Capitol, U.S. Capitol Police, Congressional Budget Office, Congressional Research Service, and the Office of Compliance. The report outlines the various methods by which these leaders are appointed, such as presidential appointment with Senate consent, congressional appointment, and appointment by a board or individual. It also delves into historical attempts to reform these processes, emphasizing the balance between congressional prerogatives and constitutional provisions, particularly the Appointments Clause.\n\nThe report offers detailed information on each agency's appointment process, including the length of tenures, reappointment or removal provisions, salaries, and recent appointments. For instance, the Architect of the Capitol is appointed by the President with Senate consent for a 10-year term, while the Comptroller General of the Government Accountability Office serves a 15-year term, also requiring presidential appointment with Senate consent. The report also highlights the unique appointment process for the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, who is appointed jointly by the Speaker of the House and the President pro tempore of the Senate.\n\nAdditionally, the report addresses legislative efforts to alter the appointment process for the Register of Copyrights, which were proposed but not enacted during the 115th Congress. These efforts aimed to transition the appointment from the Librarian of Congress to a presidential appointment with Senate consent, establishing a panel to recommend candidates and a 10-year term for the Register. The report underscores the ongoing debates and considerations surrounding these reforms, particularly regarding constitutional implications and the role of Congress in the appointment process.\n\nOverall, the report serves as a comprehensive overview of the current and historical appointment processes for legislative branch leaders, highlighting the complexities and challenges in balancing congressional oversight with constitutional frameworks.", "answers": ["The leaders of the legislative branch agencies and entities—the Government Accountability Office (GAO), the Library of Congress (LOC), the Congressional Research Service (CRS), the Government Publishing Office (GPO, formerly Government Printing Office), the Office of the Architect of the Capitol (AOC), the U.S. Capitol Police (USCP), the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), and the Office of Compliance—are appointed in a variety of manners. Four agencies are led by a person appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate; two are appointed by Congress; one is appointed by the Librarian of Congress; and one is appointed by a board of directors. Congress has periodically examined the procedures used to appoint these officers with the aim of protecting the prerogatives of, and ensuring accountability to, Congress within the framework of the advice and consent appointment process established in Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution. This report contains information on the legislative branch agency heads' appointment processes, length of tenures (if terms are set), reappointment or removal provisions (if any), salaries and benefits, and most recent appointments. This report also briefly addresses legislation considered, but not enacted, in the 115th Congress to change the appointment process for the Register of Copyrights."], "length": 18450, "E2E_time": 7.860770862083882, "context_token": 4137}
{"pred": " The report examines the role of banks in the U.S. economy, the risks they pose, and the regulatory framework designed to mitigate these risks. It highlights the transformative period for banking following the 2007-2009 financial crisis, leading to significant regulatory changes such as the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Accords. The report discusses ongoing debates over the balance between regulatory burden and benefits, particularly concerning community banks and large, systemically important banks. It also explores emerging trends like fintech, cybersecurity, and the impact of rising interest rates on the banking industry. The report underscores the importance of maintaining a stable financial system while ensuring access to financial services and protecting consumers.\n\n**Step-by-Step Explanation:**\n\n1. **Identify Key Themes:** The report covers banking's role in the economy, risks, regulatory responses post-crisis, debates on regulation, and emerging trends like fintech and interest rates.\n\n2. **Condense Each Section:** Summarize each major section, focusing on the most critical points without delving into details.\n\n3. **Maintain Logical Flow:** Ensure the summary follows a logical structure, starting with the role of banks, moving through regulatory changes, debates, and ending with emerging trends.\n\n4. **Highlight Debates and Challenges:** Emphasize ongoing discussions about regulatory effectiveness, especially for community and large banks, and the impact of new technologies and economic conditions.\n\n5. **Conclude with Importance of Stability:** Stress the need for a stable financial system and equitable access to financial services.\n\n6. **Ensure Brevity:** Keep the summary concise, within one page, capturing the essence without unnecessary details.\n</think>\n\n**Summary:**\n\nThe report explores the pivotal role of banks in the U.S. economy, their inherent risks, and the regulatory measures implemented to mitigate these risks. It emphasizes the transformative impact of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, which led to significant regulatory reforms such as the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Accords. These reforms aimed to enhance financial stability by increasing capital requirements, improving risk management, and addressing systemic risks posed by large banks.\n\nThe report highlights ongoing debates about the balance between regulatory burden and benefits, particularly for community banks and large, systemically important banks. Community banks face concerns over regulatory complexity and compliance costs, while large banks are subject to enhanced prudential regulations to reduce \"too big to fail\" risks. The report also examines the challenges of implementing these regulations effectively and the potential unintended consequences of regulatory relief measures.\n\nEmerging trends, including the rise of fintech, cybersecurity threats, and the impact of rising interest rates, are discussed as critical factors shaping the future of banking. Fintech innovations offer opportunities for greater financial inclusion and efficiency but also raise concerns about regulatory gaps and consumer protection. Cybersecurity remains a major concern as banks increasingly rely on digital technologies. Additionally, the normalization of interest rates by the Federal Reserve presents both opportunities and risks for banks, particularly in managing interest rate risk and maintaining profitability.\n\nThe report underscores the importance of maintaining a stable financial system while ensuring equitable access to financial services and protecting consumers. It calls for continued attention to regulatory calibration, technological adaptation, and economic conditions to foster a resilient and inclusive banking sector.", "answers": ["Regulation of the banking industry has undergone substantial changes over the past decade. In response to the 2007-2009 financial crisis, many new bank regulations were implemented pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act; P.L. 111-203) or under the existing authorities of bank regulators to address apparent weaknesses in the regulatory regime. While some observers view those changes as necessary and effective, others argued that certain regulations were unjustifiably burdensome. To address those concerns, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (P.L. 115-174) relaxed certain regulations. Opponents of that legislation argue it unnecessarily pared back important safeguards, but proponents of deregulation argue additional pare backs are needed. Meanwhile, a variety of economic and technological trends continue to affect banks. As a result, the 116th Congress faces many issues related to banking, including the following: Safety and Soundness. Banks are subject to regulations designed to reduce the likelihood of bank failures. Examples include requirements to hold a certain amount of capital (which enables a bank to absorb losses without failing) and the so-called Volcker Rule (a ban on banks' proprietary trading). In addition, anti-money laundering requirements aim to reduce the likelihood banks will execute transactions involving criminal proceeds. Banks are also required to take steps to avoid becoming victims of cyberattacks. The extent to which these regulations (i) are effective, and (ii) appropriately balance benefits and costs is a matter of debate. Consumer Protection, Fair Lending, and Access to Banking. Certain laws are designed to protect consumers and ensure that lenders use fair lending practices. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has authorities to regulate for consumer protection. No consensus exists on whether current regulations strike an appropriate balance between protecting consumers while ensuring access to credit and justifiable compliance costs. In addition, whether Community Reinvestment Act regulations as currently implemented effectively and efficiently encourage banks to provide services in their areas of operation is an open question. Large Banks and \"Too Big To Fail.\" Regulators also regulate for systemic risks, such as those associated with very large and complex financial institutions that may contribute to systemic instability. Dodd-Frank Act provisions include enhanced prudential regulation for certain large banks and changes to resolution processes in the event one fails. In addition, bank regulators imposed additional capital requirements on certain large, complex banks. Subsequently, some argued that certain of these additional regulations were too broadly applied and overly stringent. In response, Congress reduced the applicability of the Dodd-Frank measures and regulators have proposed changes to the capital rules. Whether relaxing these rules will provide needed relief to these banks or unnecessarily pare back important safeguards is a debated issue. Community Banks. The number of small or \"community\" banks has declined substantially in recent decades. No consensus exists on the degree to which regulatory burden, market forces, and the removal of regulatory barriers to interstate branching and banking are causing the decline. What Companies Should Be Eligible for Bank Charters. To operate legally as a bank, an institution must hold a charter granted by a state or federal government. Traditionally, these are held by companies generally focused on and led by people with experience in finance. However, recently companies with a focus on technology are interested in having legal status as a bank, either through a charter from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or a state-level industrial loan company charter. Policymakers disagree over whether allowing these companies to operate as banks would create appropriately regulated providers of financial services or inappropriately extend government-backed bank safety nets and disadvantage existing banks. Recent Market and Economic Trends. Changing economic forces also pose issues for the banking industry. Some observers argue that increases in regulation could drive certain financial activities into a relatively lightly regulated \"shadow banking\" sector. Innovative financial technology may alter the way certain financial services are delivered. If interest rates rise, it could create opportunities and risks. Such trends could have implications for how the financial system performs and influence debates over appropriate banking regulations."], "length": 85800, "E2E_time": 13.843942081090063, "context_token": 15783}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of Colombia's history, internal conflict, peace process, economic development, and its relationship with the United States. Here is a concise summary:\n\nColombia, one of the oldest democracies in the Western Hemisphere, has endured a multisided civil conflict for over five decades, resulting in significant loss of life and displacement. The conflict involved various groups, including the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the National Liberation Army (ELN), and right-wing paramilitary groups like the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC). According to the National Center for Historical Memory, over 220,000 Colombians died between 1981 and 2012, with 81% being civilians. The conflict also led to the displacement of over 5 million Colombians and widespread human rights abuses.\n\nIn 2017, President Juan Manuel Santos declared the conflict over after a U.N.-monitored disarmament process with the FARC. The peace agreement, signed in 2016 after four years of negotiations, addressed issues such as rural development, political participation, disarmament, drug trafficking, and justice for victims. However, the agreement faced challenges, including a narrow defeat in a popular referendum and subsequent revisions. Implementation has been slow, with significant obstacles in reintegration, land restitution, and security for demobilized fighters and human rights activists.\n\nColombia's economy has shown growth but remains vulnerable due to dependence on oil and commodities. The country has become a key destination for foreign direct investment, particularly in extractive industries, agriculture, and services. However, economic inequality and rural poverty persist, contributing to social unrest.\n\nThe U.S.-Colombia relationship has been shaped by security cooperation, particularly through Plan Colombia, which aimed to combat drug trafficking and terrorism. The U.S. provided significant assistance to Colombia, focusing on counternarcotics, military training, and alternative development. Despite progress in reducing violence and improving security, challenges remain, including the resurgence of coca cultivation and cocaine production, and the presence of illegal armed groups.\n\nColombia's accession to the OECD in 2018 reflects its progress in governance and economic policies. However, ongoing issues such as human rights violations, corruption, and the humanitarian crisis caused by Venezuelan migration continue to impact the country.\n\nIn summary, Colombia has made significant strides in transitioning from conflict to peace, but sustained international support and domestic reforms are essential to address remaining challenges and ensure long-term stability and prosperity.\n</think>\n\nColombia, a nation with a rich democratic history, has grappled with a protracted multisided civil conflict for over five decades, resulting in immense human suffering. The conflict, involving groups like the FARC, ELN, and AUC, claimed over 220,000 lives, primarily civilians, and displaced millions. In 2017, President Juan Manuel Santos declared the conflict over after a U.N.-monitored disarmament with the FARC, culminating in a 2016 peace agreement. Despite challenges, including a narrow referendum defeat and slow implementation, the agreement addresses key issues like rural development and justice for victims.\n\nEconomically, Colombia has seen growth but remains vulnerable due to oil dependence. It attracts significant foreign investment, yet inequality and rural poverty persist. The U.S.-Colombia partnership, particularly through Plan Colombia, has focused on security and counternarcotics, though challenges like coca resurgence and illegal armed groups remain.\n\nColombia's accession to the OECD highlights governance progress, yet issues like human rights and the Venezuelan migrant crisis persist. Sustained support and reforms are crucial for Colombia's transition to peace and prosperity.", "answers": ["A key U.S. ally in the Latin American region, Colombia endured an internal armed conflict for half a century. Drug trafficking fueled the violence by funding both left-wing and right-wing armed groups. Some analysts feared Colombia would become a failed state in the late 1990s, but the Colombian government devised a new security strategy, known as Plan Colombia, to counter the insurgencies. Originally designed as a 6-year program, Plan Colombia ultimately became a 17-year U.S.-Colombian bilateral effort. The partnership focused initially on counternarcotics and later on counterterrorism; it then broadened to include sustainable development, human rights, trade, regional security, and many other areas of cooperation. Between FY2000 and FY2016, the U.S. Congress appropriated more than $10 billion to help fund Plan Colombia and its follow-on programs. For FY2018, Congress appropriated $391.3 million in foreign aid for Colombia, including assistance to promote peace and end the conflict. President Juan Manuel Santos (2010-2018) made concluding a peace accord with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC)—the country's largest leftist guerrilla organization—his government's primary focus. Following four years of formal peace negotiations, Colombia's Congress ratified the FARC-government peace accord in November 2016. During a U.N.-monitored demobilization effort in 2017, approximately 11,000 FARC disarmed and demobilized. This figure included FARC who had been held in prison for crimes of rebellion and those making up FARC militias, who were accredited by the Colombian government as eligible to demobilize. On August 7, 2018, Iván Duque, a senator from the conservative Democratic Center party, was inaugurated to a four-year presidential term. Duque, who also worked at the Inter-American Development Bank in Washington, DC, and is Colombia's youngest president in a century, campaigned as a critic of the peace accord with the FARC. His party objected to specific measures concerning justice and political representation. Some observers maintain that his election has generated uncertainty for implementation of the accord. Shortly after taking office, Duque suspended peace talks with the National Liberation Army (ELN), the country's second-largest rebel group, which had begun under President Santos. Since the ratification of the peace accord, Colombia's long-term strategy has evolved from defeating insurgents to post-conflict stabilization. Many considered Plan Colombia and its successor strategies a remarkable advance, given the country's improvements in security and economic stability. Nevertheless, recent developments have called into question Colombia's progress. The FARC's demobilization has triggered open conflict among armed actors (including FARC dissidents and transnational criminal groups), which seek to control drug cultivation and trafficking, illegal mining, and other illicit businesses that the demobilized FARC abandoned. The ongoing lack of governance in remote rural areas recalls the conditions that originally gave rise to the FARC and other armed groups. Many observers continue to raise concerns about the country's human-rights conditions, sharp increases in coca cultivation and cocaine production, and problems stemming from the failing authoritarian government of neighboring Venezuela, which shares a nearly 1,400-mile border with Colombia. Venezuela's humanitarian crisis has set in motion an exodus of migrants, many of whom have sought temporary residence (or extended stays) in Colombia. Political upheaval has added yet more uncertainty after the United States and many other Western Hemisphere and European nations, including Colombia, called for a democratic transition in Venezuela and recognized the president of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaidó, as the country's interim president in January 2019. The U.S.-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement went into force in May 2012. The United States remains Colombia's top trade partner. After several years of annual growth exceeding 4%, one of the steadiest expansion rates in the region, Colombia grew by an estimated 2.7% in 2018. The FARC-government peace accord is projected to cost more than $40 billion to implement over 15 years, adding to the polarization over the controversial peace process. For additional background, see CRS In Focus IF10817, Colombia's 2018 Elections, CRS Report R44779, Colombia's Changing Approach to Drug Policy, CRS Report R42982, Colombia's Peace Process Through 2016, and CRS Report RL34470, The U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement: Background and Issues."], "length": 114636, "E2E_time": 18.34021821897477, "context_token": 23516}
{"pred": " The Commercial Space Launch Act Amendments of 1988 established the foundation for U.S. policy on federal indemnification for commercial space launches. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is responsible for determining Maximum Probable Loss (MPL) values, which dictate the amount of insurance launch companies must purchase. The report highlights several key points:\n\n1. **MPL Methodology**: The FAA uses a methodology that includes estimating casualties, calculating their costs, and deriving property damage. Recent updates include the adoption of the risk profile method and reducing the property damage factor.\n\n2. **Probability Thresholds**: The thresholds used to balance risk between the government and launch companies have not been updated since the 1990s, raising concerns about their appropriateness.\n\n3. **Cost Impact**: The FAA did not evaluate the direct costs of its revised methodology on launch companies and the government, focusing only on indirect costs.\n\n4. **Stakeholder Consultation**: The FAA did not consult with the commercial space sector and insurance providers as required, limiting insights into the methodology's impact.\n\n5. **Outstanding Issues**: The cost-of-casualty amount remains unchanged since 1988, and guidance on appropriate methodologies for different launches is still being developed.\n\nThe report recommends that the FAA reevaluate probability thresholds, assess direct costs, consult stakeholders, and establish timelines for developing methodology guidance.\n</think>\n\nThe Commercial Space Launch Act Amendments of 1988 established the framework for U.S. federal indemnification policies for commercial space launches, with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) responsible for determining Maximum Probable Loss (MPL) values. These values dictate the insurance coverage launch companies must obtain. The report outlines several critical aspects of the current policy and its implementation:\n\n1. **MPL Methodology**: The FAA calculates MPL by estimating casualties, their associated costs, and property damage. Recent updates include adopting the risk profile method, which uses simulations to estimate casualties, and reducing the property damage factor from 50% to 25%.\n\n2. **Probability Thresholds**: The thresholds used to balance risk between the government and launch companies have remained unchanged since the 1990s, raising concerns about their relevance and effectiveness.\n\n3. **Cost Impact**: The FAA evaluated only indirect costs of its revised methodology, neglecting the direct costs to launch companies and the federal government, such as insurance premiums and indemnification liabilities.\n\n4. **Stakeholder Consultation**: The FAA failed to consult with the commercial space sector and insurance providers, as required, limiting insights into the methodology's practical implications.\n\n5. **Outstanding Issues**: The cost-of-casualty amount, set at $3 million since 1988, has not been updated, and the FAA is still developing guidance on the most appropriate methodologies for different launch scenarios.\n\nThe report recommends that the FAA reevaluate its probability thresholds, assess the direct financial impacts of its methodology, engage stakeholders, and establish timelines for developing comprehensive methodology guidance to ensure a balanced risk approach and accurate cost estimates.", "answers": ["The federal government shares liability risks with the commercial space launch industry for accidents that result in damages to third parties or federal property. This arrangement requires space launch companies to have a specific amount of insurance to cover these damages. The government is potentially liable for damages above that amount, up to a cap GAO estimated to be $3.1 billion in 2017, subject to appropriations in advance. CSLCA, enacted in 2015, directed the Department of Transportation, of which FAA is a part, to evaluate its MPL methodology and, if necessary, develop a plan to update that methodology. The act also included a provision requiring GAO to assess FAA's evaluation and any actions needed to update the methodology. This report discusses the extent to which (1) FAA's evaluation report addresses the requirements in CSLCA and (2) FAA has addressed previously identified weaknesses in the MPL methodology. GAO reviewed documents and interviewed FAA on its loss methodology evaluation and actions to address weaknesses. The Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) report evaluating its maximum probable loss (MPL) methodology did not fully address the evaluation and consultation requirements specified by the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act (CSLCA). Balance of Risk. CSLCA required FAA to include ensuring that the federal government is not exposed to greater indemnification costs and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary as a result of FAA's MPL methodology. FAA said that it ensured this balance by improving its methodology, but it did not reevaluate its probability thresholds after revising its methodology. These thresholds are used to divide the risk of loss between launch companies and the government. Impact on Costs. The act required FAA to consider the costs to both the industry and the federal government of implementing an updated methodology. FAA's report discussed the impact on indirect costs, such as data collection, but did not discuss direct costs: insurance premiums for launch companies and indemnification liability for the federal government. Consultation. The act also required FAA to consult with the commercial space sector and insurance providers in evaluating its MPL methodology in accordance with the preceding requirements. While the agency consulted with some stakeholders, these consultations were limited in scope. FAA officials said they have not been able to take the actions needed to fully satisfy the mandated elements because of issues such as resource limitations and the lack of available data. However, by not resolving these issues, FAA lacks assurance that launch companies are not purchasing more insurance than needed or that the federal government is not being exposed to greater indemnification costs than expected. FAA has addressed two of three previously identified weaknesses in its MPL methodology but has not yet dealt with the remaining weakness. Specifically, the agency has revised its methodology for estimating the number of potential casualties for a launch and changed the factor it uses to derive estimated property damage from estimated casualties. However, FAA has not updated the amount used for the cost of an individual casualty. GAO recommended in a March 2017 report (GAO-17-366) that FAA update this amount. Not doing so could understate the amount of insurance launch companies are required to purchase, exposing the federal government to excess risk. GAO also determined that while FAA has two tools and methods it can use in making its MPL estimates, it does not have guidance on determining which are most appropriate for a given launch scenario. For example, one tool is more comprehensive but also labor intensive to use, while the other is inappropriate for certain launch scenarios and could result in misleading MPL amounts. Officials said they have begun to create such guidance but do not have an estimated completion date. Without such guidance, FAA cannot ensure that the most appropriate MPL methodology is used for each launch. FAA should fully address mandated requirements in evaluating its MPL—probability thresholds, direct costs, and stakeholder consultations— and establish an estimated completion date for developing guidance on tools and methods to use for specific launch scenarios. The Department of Transportation concurred with the recommendations, and provided technical comments."], "length": 26822, "E2E_time": 9.663930518087, "context_token": 4980}
{"pred": " The Coast Guard operates with a large staff and extensive fleet, managing 11 missions through six programs. They face challenges in data collection, asset performance, and long-term planning. The report highlights the need for improved data accuracy, realistic asset allocation, and transparent reporting to enhance mission effectiveness.\n</think>\n\nThe Coast Guard, with a staff of over 47,000 and a fleet of 201 aircraft and 1,400 boats and ships, manages 11 statutory missions through six programs. These missions include marine safety, defense readiness, and search and rescue, among others. The report highlights several challenges: incomplete data on commercial fishing vessel accidents, unrealistic asset performance assumptions, and insufficient transparency in performance reporting. Additionally, the Coast Guard faces affordability concerns in modernizing its aging assets, such as the National Security Cutter and Fast Response Cutter, due to a lack of long-term planning. The report recommends improving data collection, incorporating field input for realistic asset allocation, enhancing performance goal transparency, and developing a comprehensive 20-year acquisition plan to address these issues and improve mission effectiveness.", "answers": ["The Coast Guard, a component of DHS, serves as the principal federal agency responsible for maritime safety, security, and environmental stewardship in U.S. ports and waterways. To ensure that the Coast Guard is effectively fulfilling its missions, agency managers must have accurate information and base decisions on sound analyses for effective program management. This statement discusses Coast Guard actions needed to (1) improve the quality of data used for program management and (2) improve the transparency of its data for reporting on mission performance and planning. This statement is based on relevant products GAO issued from June 2014 through December 2017 on Coast Guard strategic planning and management issues, as well as related recommendation follow-up conducted through February 2018. GAO reviewed applicable laws, regulations, policies and guidance. GAO also interviewed Coast Guard officials responsible for administering these programs and obtained information on how they used data to inform decisionmaking. GAO interviewed a range of stakeholders, including federal and industry officials. GAO's prior work recommended multiple actions to improve the Coast Guard's program management by improving the quality of data it uses to manage and report on its mission performance. Specifically, GAO recommended actions such as collecting more complete data and clarifying the data limitations to facilitate more effective program management. For example, in December 2017, GAO found that more information is needed to calculate vessel safety statistics that could enhance the Coast Guard's knowledge about accident, injury, and fatality trends involving commercial fishing vessels. Having more complete information could be useful to carrying out its marine safety mission, and GAO recommended, among other things, that the Coast Guard ensure that data collected during commercial fishing vessel incident investigations is accurately captured. In 2018, the Coast Guard reported taking initial steps to capture more accurate data. GAO's prior work also identified areas where the Coast Guard could improve the transparency of the data it uses for reporting on its mission performance as well its capital planning purposes. For example, in an October 2017 report on performance goals, GAO found the Coast Guard's Annual Performance Report (APR) has not been released publicly since 2011. Consequently, there has not been full visibility over performance across all of the Coast Guard's missions. Coast Guard officials stated that a decision by Department of Homeland Security (DHS) leadership to limit the number of performance goals shared publicly had deterred the Coast Guard from public release of its APR. GAO recommended that APRs be available on the Coast Guard's website; the Coast Guard plans to publicly release future APRs. In addition, previous GAO reports found that the Coast Guard's annual 5-year capital investment plan, which projects acquisition funding needs for the upcoming 5 years, did not consistently reflect current total cost estimates or the effects of tradeoffs made as part of the annual budget cycle. GAO made recommendations to help the Coast Guard plan for future acquisitions and the difficult trade off decisions it will face given funding constraints. The Coast Guard agreed, but it is unclear when it will complete the 20-year plan. GAO is not making new recommendations in this statement but has made them to the Coast Guard and DHS in the past on improving its program management through, among other things, better quality and more transparent data. DHS and the Coast Guard agreed with these recommendations and reported actions or plans to address them."], "length": 16461, "E2E_time": 3.7863138779066503, "context_token": 3110}
{"pred": " The report discusses the history and current state of small business contracting programs in the United States, focusing on the role of the Small Business Administration (SBA) and various federal initiatives. It outlines the establishment of the SBA in 1953 to address challenges faced by small businesses during World War II and the Korean War. The report details the legal framework, including the Small Business Act, which mandates that small businesses receive a \"fair proportion\" of federal contracts. It also covers the various programs and policies designed to support small businesses, such as the 8(a) Program, HUBZone initiative, and others targeting women-owned and veteran-owned businesses. Additionally, the report examines the challenges and criticisms of these programs, including concerns about their effectiveness and the need for reforms to enhance their impact. The summary highlights the ongoing efforts to promote small business participation in federal contracting and the importance of these programs in fostering economic growth and competition.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the history and current state of small business contracting programs in the U.S., emphasizing the role of the Small Business Administration (SBA) and federal initiatives. Established in 1953, the SBA was created to address challenges faced by small businesses during World War II and the Korean War. The Small Business Act mandates that small businesses receive a \"fair proportion\" of federal contracts, ensuring they are not overshadowed by larger competitors. The report details various programs, including the 8(a) Program for socially and economically disadvantaged businesses, the HUBZone initiative targeting underserved areas, and efforts to support women-owned and veteran-owned businesses. It also discusses challenges, such as concerns about program effectiveness and the need for reforms to enhance their impact. Despite these issues, the programs remain crucial for fostering economic growth and competition, with ongoing efforts to promote small business participation in federal contracting.", "answers": ["Congress has broad authority to impose requirements upon the federal procurement process, that is, the process whereby agencies obtain goods and services from the private sector. One way in which Congress has exercised this authority is by adopting measures to promote contracting and subcontracting between \"small businesses\" and federal agencies. These measures, among other things, declare a congressional policy of ensuring that a \"fair proportion\" of federal contract and subcontract dollars is awarded to small businesses; establish government-wide and agency-specific goals for the percentage of federal contract and subcontract dollars awarded to small businesses; establish an annual Small Business Goaling Report to measure progress in meeting these goals; generally require federal agencies, under specified circumstances, to reserve contracts that have an anticipated value greater than the micro-purchase threshold (currently $10,000), but not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (currently $250,000) exclusively for small businesses; authorize federal agencies, under specified circumstances, to set aside contracts that have an anticipated value greater than the simplified acquisition threshold exclusively for small businesses; authorize federal agencies to make sole source awards to small businesses when the award could not otherwise be made (e.g., only a single source is available, under urgent and compelling circumstances); authorize federal agencies to set aside contracts for, or grant other contracting preference to, specific types of small businesses (e.g., 8(a) small businesses, HUBZone small businesses, women-owned small businesses (WOSBs) and service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs)); and task the Small Business Administration (SBA) and other federal procurement officers with reviewing and restructuring proposed procurements to maximize opportunities for small business participation. Small business contracting programs generally have strong bipartisan support. However, that does not mean that these programs face no opposition, or that issues have not been raised concerning the impact and operations of specific programs. For example, small business advocates note that implementing regulations in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) narrow the reach (and impact) of some small business contracting preferences by excluding specific types of contracts, such as those listed in the Federal Supply Schedules, from FAR requirements pertaining to small business contracting. Advocates want the federal government to enact policies that reduce or eliminate such exclusions. Critics have questioned some of these programs' effectiveness, in terms of both promoting small business opportunities to win federal contracts and promoting a more diversified, robust economy. Many observers judge the relative success or failure of federal efforts to enhance small business contracting opportunities by whether federal government and individual federal agencies meet the predetermined procurement goals in the annual Small Business Goaling Report. In recent years, the federal government has generally succeeded in meeting the government-wide goals of awarding 23% of the total value of all small business eligible prime contract awards to small businesses, 5% to small disadvantaged businesses (SDBs), and 3% to SDVOSBs. It has had difficulty meeting the goals of 5% to WOSBs and 3% to HUBZone small businesses. The Small Business Goaling Report is the most convenient measure available to compare federal small business contracting performance over time, but it has limitations. For example, the SBA excludes some contracts from the report in its determination of what is \"small business eligible\" and some federal procurement activities are not included because they are not recorded in the Federal Procurement Data System—Next Generation. It also does not evaluate the effect these contracts have on small businesses, industry competitiveness, or the overall economy."], "length": 64636, "E2E_time": 8.492095880676061, "context_token": 12315}
{"pred": " The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) Act of 1965 was established to promote outdoor recreation and enhance public health. The fund receives $900 million annually, primarily from oil and gas leases, motorboat fuel taxes, and surplus property sales. However, Congress must appropriate these funds annually. Additional revenue from the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) is automatically allocated to state grants. Since 1965, only about 46% of the $40.9 billion accrued has been appropriated, leaving a $22 billion unappropriated balance. The LWCF is used for federal land acquisition, state grants, and other purposes. Federal land acquisition has received the largest share ($11.4 billion), followed by state grants ($4.8 billion), and other purposes ($2.7 billion). These other purposes include ecosystem restoration, facility maintenance, and specific grant programs. Despite ongoing debates about expanding LWCF uses, traditional supporters advocate for maintaining focus on land acquisition and state grants.\n</think>\n\nThe Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) Act of 1965 was established to promote outdoor recreation and enhance public health. The fund receives $900 million annually, primarily from oil and gas leases, motorboat fuel taxes, and surplus property sales. However, Congress must appropriate these funds annually. Additional revenue from the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) is automatically allocated to state grants. Since 1965, only about 46% of the $40.9 billion accrued has been appropriated, leaving a $22 billion unappropriated balance. The LWCF is used for federal land acquisition, state grants, and other purposes. Federal land acquisition has received the largest share ($11.4 billion), followed by state grants ($4.8 billion), and other purposes ($2.7 billion). These other purposes include ecosystem restoration, facility maintenance, and specific grant programs. Despite ongoing debates about expanding LWCF uses, traditional supporters advocate for maintaining focus on land acquisition and state grants.", "answers": ["The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) Act of 1965 (P.L. 88-578) created the LWCF in the Treasury as a funding source to implement the outdoor recreation goals set out by the act. The LWCF Act authorizes the fund to receive $900 million annually, with the monies available only if appropriated by Congress (i.e., discretionary appropriations). The fund also receives mandatory appropriations under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (GOMESA). The level of annual appropriations for the LWCF has varied since the origin of the fund in FY1965. The LWCF Act outlines uses of the fund for federal and state purposes. Of the total made available through appropriations or deposits under GOMESA, not less than 40% is to be used for \"federal purposes\" and not less than 40% is to be used to provide \"financial assistance to states.\" The act lists the federal purposes for which the President is to allot LWCF funds \"unless otherwise allotted in the appropriation Act making them available.\" These purposes primarily relate to acquisition of lands and waters (and interests therein) by the federal government. With regard to state purposes, the act authorizes a matching grant program to states for outdoor recreation purposes. Throughout the LWCF's history, appropriations acts typically have provided funds for land acquisition and outdoor recreational grants to states. Beginning in FY1998, appropriations also have been provided each year (except FY1999) to fund other purposes related to natural resources. The extent to which the LWCF should be used for purposes other than federal land acquisition and outdoor recreation grants to states, and which other purposes should be funded from the LWCF, continue to be the subject of legislation and debate in Congress. In the past few decades, Presidents have sought LWCF funds for a variety of other purposes. Congress chooses which if any of these requests to fund, and has chosen programs not sought by the President for a particular year. Among other programs, appropriations have been provided for facility maintenance of the land management agencies, ecosystem restoration, the Historic Preservation Fund, the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, the Forest Legacy Program, State and Tribal Wildlife Grants (under the Fish and Wildlife Service), the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund, U.S. Geological Survey science and cooperative programs, and Bureau of Indian Affairs Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements. Since FY1998, a total of $2.7 billion has been appropriated for other purposes, of a total LWCF appropriation of $18.9 billion over the history of the fund. The Fish and Wildlife Service and the Forest Service have received the largest shares of the total appropriations for other purposes, about $1.4 billion (53%) and $1.0.billion (38%), respectively, from FY1998 to FY2019. Several agencies shared the remaining $0.2 billion (9%) of the appropriations. Both the dollar amounts and the percentages of annual LWCF appropriations for other purposes have varied widely since FY1998. The dollar amounts have ranged from $0 in FY1999 to $456.0 million in FY2001. The percentage of annual funds provided for other purposes ranged from 0% in FY1999 to a high of 59% in both FY2006 and FY2007. In some years, the appropriation for other purposes was significantly less than the Administration requested. For instance, for FY2008, the George W. Bush Administration sought $313.1 million; the appropriation was $101.3 million. The appropriation for other purposes last exceeded $100.0 million in FY2010, and most recently was $93.3 million, in FY2019. Prior to FY2008, several other purposes typically were funded each year from LWCF. Since FY2008, funds have been appropriated annually only for grants under two programs: Forest Legacy and Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund. These two programs and a third grant program—State and Tribal Wildlife Grants—have received more than three-quarters ($2.1 billion, 79%) of the total appropriation for other purposes since FY1998."], "length": 14197, "E2E_time": 6.462982518132776, "context_token": 2933}
{"pred": " The report, prepared by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), highlights significant challenges faced by the U.S. Navy in maintaining operational readiness. Since January 2017, the Navy has experienced four major mishaps at sea, resulting in 17 fatalities and severe damage to ships. These incidents, primarily involving ships based in Yokosuka, Japan, underscore the broader issues of over-deployment, insufficient training, and inadequate maintenance. The Navy's fleet has decreased by 17% since 1998, yet the number of ships deployed overseas remains constant, leading to increased strain on each vessel. The report also points out that the Navy has doubled the percentage of ships homeported overseas since 2006, which, while enhancing forward presence, has resulted in higher operational costs and reduced training and maintenance periods. Additionally, the Navy faces challenges with shipyard maintenance, crew overwork, and readiness recovery efforts. The GAO recommends comprehensive assessments, improved operational schedules, and better management of shipyards to address these issues. Despite concurrence from the Department of Defense, only one recommendation has been implemented to date, highlighting the need for continued oversight and action.\n</think>\n\nThe Government Accountability Office (GAO) report outlines critical challenges facing the U.S. Navy in maintaining operational readiness. Since January 2017, four major mishaps at sea have caused 17 fatalities and significant damage to ships, primarily involving vessels based in Yokosuka, Japan. These incidents reflect broader issues such as over-deployment, inadequate training, and insufficient maintenance. The Navy's fleet has shrunk by 17% since 1998, yet overseas deployments remain constant, intensifying pressure on each ship. The report notes a doubling of overseas homeported ships since 2006, enhancing forward presence but increasing operational costs and reducing training and maintenance periods. Additionally, the Navy struggles with shipyard maintenance delays, crew overwork, and readiness recovery. The GAO recommends comprehensive assessments, improved operational schedules, and better shipyard management. Despite DOD concurrence, only one recommendation has been implemented, underscoring the need for continued oversight and action.", "answers": ["Since January 2017, the Navy has suffered four significant mishaps at sea that resulted in serious damage to its ships and the loss of 17 sailors. Three of these incidents involved ships homeported in Japan. In response to these incidents, the Chief of Naval Operations ordered an operational pause for all fleets worldwide, and the Vice Chief of Naval Operations directed a comprehensive review of surface fleet operations, stating that these tragic incidents are not limited occurrences but part of a disturbing trend in mishaps involving U.S. ships. This statement provides information on the effects of homeporting ships overseas, reducing crew size on ships, and not completing maintenance on time on the readiness of the Navy and summarizes GAO recommendations to address the Navy's maintenance, training, and other challenges. In preparing this statement, GAO relied on work it has published since 2015 related to the readiness of ships homeported overseas, sailor training and workload issues, maintenance challenges, and other issues. GAO updated this information, as appropriate, based on Navy data. GAO's prior work shows that the Navy has increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and reduced or deferred maintenance to meet high operational demands, which has resulted in declining ship conditions and a worsening trend in overall readiness. The Navy has stated that high demand for presence has put pressure on a fleet that is stretched thin across the globe. Some of the concerns that GAO has highlighted include: Degraded readiness of ships homeported overseas: Since 2006, the Navy has doubled the number of ships based overseas. Overseas basing provides additional forward presence and rapid crisis response, but GAO found in May 2015 that there were no dedicated training periods built into the operational schedules of the cruisers and destroyers based in Japan. As a result, the crews of these ships did not have all of their needed training and certifications. Based on updated data, GAO found that, as of June 2017, 37 percent of the warfare certifications for cruiser and destroyer crews based in Japan—including certifications for seamanship—had expired. This represents more than a fivefold increase in the percentage of expired warfare certifications for these ships since GAO's May 2015 report. The Navy has made plans to revise operational schedules to provide dedicated training time for overseas-based ships, but this schedule has not yet been implemented. Crew size reductions contribute to sailor overwork and safety risks: GAO found in May 2017 that reductions to crew sizes the Navy made in the early 2000s were not analytically supported and may now be creating safety risks. The Navy has reversed some of those changes but continues to use a workweek standard that does not reflect the actual time sailors spend working and does not account for in-port workload—both of which have contributed to some sailors working over 100 hours a week. Inability to complete maintenance on time: Navy recovery from persistently low readiness levels is premised on adherence to maintenance schedules. However, in May 2016, GAO found that the Navy was having difficulty completing maintenance on time. Based on updated data, GAO found that, in fiscal years 2011 through 2016, maintenance overruns on 107 of 169 surface ships (63 percent) resulted in 6,603 lost operational days (i.e., the ships were not available for training and operations). Looking to the future, the Navy wants to grow its fleet by as much as 30 percent but continues to face challenges with manning, training, and maintaining its existing fleet. These readiness problems need to be addressed and will require the Navy to implement GAO's recommendations—particularly in the areas of assessing the risks associated with overseas basing, reassessing sailor workload and the factors used to size ship crews, managing investments to modernize and improve the efficiency of the naval shipyards, and applying sound planning and sustained management attention to its readiness rebuilding efforts. In addition, continued congressional oversight will be needed to ensure that the Navy demonstrates progress in addressing its maintenance, training, and other challenges. GAO made 14 recommendations in prior work cited in this statement. The Department of Defense generally concurred with all of them but has implemented only 1. Continued attention is needed to ensure that these recommendations are addressed, such as the Navy assessing the risks associated with overseas basing and reassessing sailor workload and factors used in its manpower requirements process."], "length": 22933, "E2E_time": 7.2067703627981246, "context_token": 4788}
{"pred": " The report examines the concept of the digital economy and the challenges it poses to traditional international tax policies, particularly focusing on digital services taxes (DSTs) proposed in Europe. The digital economy refers to economic activities conducted via the internet, often involving two-sided markets where services are provided to individual users and businesses. DSTs aim to address concerns that multinational corporations (MNCs) in the digital economy are under-taxed, often due to their ability to avoid physical presence in jurisdictions where they operate, thus evading traditional tax rules.\n\nKey points include:\n1. **Digital Services Taxes (DSTs):** DSTs are designed to tax specific digital activities, such as online advertising, marketplaces, and data sales, targeting MNCs with significant revenue. Proponents argue DSTs ensure MNCs pay a \"fair share\" of taxes, while critics, including the U.S., view them as protectionist and arbitrary.\n\n2. **Taxation Challenges:** The digital economy's reliance on intangible assets and lack of physical presence complicates traditional tax frameworks. Transfer pricing strategies further enable MNCs to shift profits to low-tax jurisdictions, reducing taxable income in higher-tax countries.\n\n3. **OECD and International Efforts:** The OECD's Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project aims to address profit shifting and digital economy taxation. Proposals include expanding the concept of \"permanent establishment\" to include digital presence and adjusting transfer pricing rules. However, consensus remains elusive, leading some countries to implement unilateral DSTs.\n\n4. **Economic and Policy Analysis:** DSTs are analyzed as excise taxes on revenue rather than corporate profits, raising concerns about regressivity and market distortions. They may reduce investment in digital sectors and create inequities between digital and non-digital firms.\n\n5. **U.S. and European Perspectives:** The U.S. opposes DSTs, arguing they unfairly target American tech companies. Europe, particularly the UK and France, has moved forward with DSTs, despite internal disagreements among EU member states.\n\n6. **Future Directions:** The report highlights the need for international cooperation to develop a cohesive tax framework for the digital economy, emphasizing the risks of unilateral measures and the potential for broader reforms.\n\nIn conclusion, while DSTs aim to address perceived inequities in digital economy taxation, they present significant challenges in terms of economic efficiency, equity, and international cooperation. The report underscores the importance of continued dialogue and reform within the international community to create a fair and sustainable tax system for the digital age.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the complexities of taxing the digital economy, focusing on digital services taxes (DSTs) proposed in Europe. DSTs target multinational corporations (MNCs) in the digital sector, aiming to address concerns about under-taxation due to the lack of physical presence in jurisdictions where they operate. Key points include the challenges posed by intangible assets and transfer pricing strategies, which allow MNCs to shift profits to low-tax regions. The OECD's BEPS project seeks to reform international tax rules, but progress has been slow, prompting some countries to implement DSTs unilaterally. These taxes are seen as excise taxes on revenue, raising concerns about regressivity and market distortions. The U.S. opposes DSTs, viewing them as protectionist, while Europe, particularly the UK and France, has moved forward with implementation despite internal disagreements. The report emphasizes the need for international cooperation to develop a cohesive tax framework, highlighting the risks of unilateral measures and the potential for broader reforms. Ultimately, it underscores the importance of dialogue and reform to create a fair tax system for the digital economy.", "answers": ["Several countries, primarily in Europe, and the European Commission have proposed or adopted taxes on revenue earned by multinational corporations (MNCs) in certain \"digital economy\" sectors from activities linked to the user-based activity of their residents. These proposals have generally been labeled as \"digital services taxes\" (DSTs). For example, beginning in 2019, Spain is imposing a DST of 3% on online advertising, online marketplaces, and data transfer service (i.e., revenue from sales of user activities) within Spain. Only firms with €750 million in worldwide revenue and €3 million in revenues with users in Spain are to be subject to the tax. In 2020, the UK plans to implement a 3% DST that would apply only to businesses whose revenues exceed £25 million per year and groups that generate global revenues from search engines, social media platforms, and online marketplaces in excess of £500 million annually. The UK labels its DST as an \"interim\" solution until international tax rules are modified to allow countries to tax the profits of foreign MNCs if they have a substantial enough \"digital presence\" based on local users. The member states of the European Commission are also actively considering such a rule. These policies are being considered and enacted against a backdrop of ongoing, multilateral negotiations among members and nonmembers of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). These negotiations, prompted by discussions of the digital economy, could result in significant changes for the international tax system. Proponents of DSTs argue that digital firms are \"undertaxed.\" This sentiment is driven in part by some high-profile tech companies that reduced the taxes they paid by assigning ownership of their income-producing intangible assets (e.g., patents, marketing, and trade secrets) to affiliate corporations in low-tax jurisdictions. Proponents of DSTs also argue that the countries imposing tax should be entitled to a share of profits earned by digital MNCs because of the \"value\" to these business models made by participation of their residents through their content, reviews, purchases, and other contributions. Critics of DSTs argue that the taxes target income or profits that would not otherwise be subject to taxation under generally accepted income tax principles. U.S. critics, in particular, see DSTs as an attempt to target U.S. tech companies, especially as minimum thresholds are high enough that only the largest digital MNCs (such as Google, Facebook, and Amazon) will be subject to these specific taxes. DSTs are structured as a selective tax on revenue (akin to an excise tax) and not as a tax on corporate profits. A tax on corporate profits taxes the return to investment in the corporate sector. Corporate profit is equal to total revenue minus total cost. In contrast, DSTs are \"turnover taxes\" that apply to the revenue generated from taxable activities regardless of costs incurred by a firm. Additionally, international tax rules do not allow countries to tax an MNC's cross-border income solely because their residents purchase goods or services provided by that firm. Rather, ownership of assets justifies a country to be allocated a share of that MNC's profits to tax. Under these rules and their underlying principles, the fact that a country's residents purchase digital services from an MNC is not a justification to tax the MNC's profits. DSTs are likely to have the economic effect of an excise tax on intermediate services. The economic incidence of a DST is likely to be borne by purchasers of taxable services (e.g., companies paying digital economy firms for advertising, marketplace listings, or user data) and possibly consumers downstream from those transactions. As a result, economic theory and the general body of empirical research on excise taxes predict that DSTs are likely to increase prices in affected markets, decrease quantity supplied, and reduce investment in these sectors. Compared to a corporate profits tax—which, on balance, tends to be borne by higher-income shareholders—DSTs are expected to be more regressive forms of raising revenue, as they affect a broad range of consumer goods and services. Certain design features of DSTs could also create inequitable treatment between firms and increase administrative complexity. For example, minimum revenue thresholds could be set such that primarily large, foreign (and primarily U.S.) corporations are subject to tax. Requirements to identify the location of users could also introduce significant costs on businesses. This report traces the emergence of DSTs from multilateral tax negotiations in recent years, addresses various purported policy justifications of DSTs, provides an economic analysis of their effects, and raises several issues for Congress."], "length": 78713, "E2E_time": 14.722071676049381, "context_token": 15073}
{"pred": " The report examines the constitutional challenges to commercial disclosure requirements under the First Amendment, focusing on how courts balance compelled speech against government interests. It highlights the tension between the protection of free speech and the regulation of commercial speech, which historically has received less protection. The report reviews key Supreme Court cases, such as Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary Counsel, which established a lenient standard for reviewing certain compelled commercial disclosures, and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp. v. Public Service Commission, which applies intermediate scrutiny to commercial speech regulations. It also discusses recent decisions like National Institute of Family and Life Advocates (NIFLA) v. Becerra, where the Court struck down certain disclosure requirements, signaling a shift toward stricter scrutiny of compelled speech, particularly when it involves controversial topics. The report concludes that while some commercial disclosure requirements are upheld under Zauderer's reasonableness standard, others may face heightened scrutiny, especially if they are deemed unduly burdensome or lack sufficient justification. Congress and federal agencies are advised to develop robust evidence supporting the necessity of such requirements to withstand judicial review.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the constitutional challenges posed by commercial disclosure requirements under the First Amendment, highlighting the delicate balance between compelled speech and government interests. It explores the historical distinction between commercial and noncommercial speech, noting that commercial speech has traditionally received less First Amendment protection. Key Supreme Court cases, such as Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary Counsel and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp. v. Public Service Commission, are reviewed to illustrate the varying standards of scrutiny applied to commercial speech regulations. Zauderer established a lenient standard for certain compelled disclosures, while Central Hudson introduced intermediate scrutiny for commercial speech restrictions. The report also examines recent decisions, including National Institute of Family and Life Advocates (NIFLA) v. Becerra, which signaled a shift toward stricter scrutiny, particularly for disclosures involving controversial topics. The report concludes that while some commercial disclosure requirements are upheld under Zauderer's reasonableness standard, others may face heightened scrutiny, especially if they are unduly burdensome or lack sufficient justification. It advises Congress and federal agencies to develop robust evidence to support the necessity of such requirements to ensure they withstand judicial review.", "answers": ["Federal law contains a wide variety of disclosure requirements, including food labels, securities registrations, and disclosures about prescription drugs in direct-to-consumer advertising. These disclosure provisions require commercial actors to make statements that they otherwise might not, compelling speech and implicating the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment. Nonetheless, while commercial disclosure requirements may regulate protected speech, that fact in and of itself does not render such provisions unconstitutional. The Supreme Court has historically allowed greater regulation of commercial speech than of other types of speech. Since at least the mid-1970s, however, the Supreme Court has been increasingly protective of commercial speech. This trend, along with other developments in First Amendment law, has led some commentators to question whether the Supreme Court might apply a stricter test in assessing commercial disclosure requirements in the near future. Nonetheless, governing Supreme Court precedent provides that disclosure requirements generally receive lesser judicial scrutiny when they compel only commercial speech, as opposed to noncommercial speech. In National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra, a decision released in June 2018, the Supreme Court explained that it has applied a lower level of scrutiny to compelled disclosures under two circumstances. First, the Supreme Court has sometimes upheld laws that regulate commercial speech if the speech regulation is part of a larger regulatory scheme that is focused on conduct and only incidentally burdens speech. If a law is properly characterized as a regulation of conduct, rather than speech, then it may be subject to rational basis review, a deferential standard that asks only whether the regulation is a rational way to address the problem. However, it can be difficult to distinguish speech from conduct, and the Supreme Court has not frequently invoked this doctrine to uphold laws against First Amendment challenges. Second, the Supreme Court has sometimes applied a lower level of scrutiny to certain commercial disclosure requirements under the authority of a 1985 case, Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary Counsel. In Zauderer, the Court upheld a disclosure requirement after noting that the challenged provision compelled only \"factual and uncontroversial information about the terms under which . . . services will be available.\" The Court said that under the circumstances, the service provider's First Amendment rights were sufficiently protected because the disclosure requirement was \"reasonably related\" to the government's interest \"in preventing deception of consumers.\" Lower courts have generally interpreted Zauderer to mean that if a commercial disclosure provision requires only \"factual and uncontroversial information\" about the goods or services being offered, it should be analyzed under rational basis review. If a commercial disclosure requirement does not qualify for review under Zauderer, then it will most likely be analyzed under the intermediate standard that generally applies to government actions that regulate commercial speech. Some legal scholars have argued that recent Supreme Court case law suggests the Court may subject commercial disclosure provisions to stricter scrutiny in the future, either by limiting the factual circumstances under which these two doctrines apply or by creating express exceptions to these doctrines. If a court applies a heightened level of scrutiny, it may require the government to present more evidence of the problem it is seeking to remedy and stronger justifications for choosing a disclosure requirement to achieve its purposes."], "length": 65010, "E2E_time": 9.428021958097816, "context_token": 11717}
{"pred": " The report details the United States' efforts in Afghanistan since 2001 to build security and governance, focusing on two missions: a counterterrorism mission and the NATO-led Resolute Support mission. The U.S. contributes significantly to Resolute Support, providing over half of the military personnel and substantial funding. Despite improvements, the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) face capability gaps, particularly in logistics, equipment maintenance, and intelligence integration. The report highlights the reliance on coalition support and the challenges in assessing the ANDSF's self-sufficiency. It also notes the lack of reliable information on conventional forces' ability to operate and maintain equipment, which hinders evaluation of U.S. efforts. The report recommends developing methods to collect more reliable data on these capabilities.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the United States' commitment to Afghanistan's security and governance since 2001, emphasizing two key missions: a counterterrorism initiative and the NATO-led Resolute Support mission. The U.S. plays a pivotal role in Resolute Support, contributing over half of the military personnel and significant financial resources. While the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) have made progress, they continue to face critical challenges, including deficiencies in logistics, equipment maintenance, and intelligence integration. The report underscores the ANDSF's reliance on coalition support and the difficulties in assessing their ability to operate independently. Additionally, it highlights the lack of reliable data on conventional forces' equipment operation and maintenance, which complicates the evaluation of U.S. efforts. The report concludes with a recommendation to develop strategies for gathering more reliable information on these capabilities to better assess the success of U.S. initiatives in Afghanistan.", "answers": ["Developing independently capable ANDSF is a key component of U.S. and coalition efforts to create sustainable security and stability in Afghanistan under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)-led Resolute Support mission. The United States is the largest contributor of funding and personnel to Resolute Support, providing and maintaining ANDSF equipment, along with training, advising, and assistance to help the ANDSF effectively use and sustain the equipment in the future. House Report 114-537 included a provision for GAO to review the ANDSF's capability and capacity to operate and sustain U.S.-purchased weapon systems and equipment. This report addresses (1) what has been reported about ANDSF capabilities and capability gaps and (2) the extent to which DOD has information about the ANDSF's ability to operate and maintain U.S.-purchased equipment. To conduct this work, GAO analyzed DOD and NATO reports and documents, examined three critical equipment types, and interviewed DOD officials in the United States and Afghanistan. This is a public version of a sensitive report issued in September 2018. Information that DOD deemed sensitive has been omitted. Since the Resolute Support mission began in 2015, the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) have improved some fundamental capabilities, such as high-level operational planning, but continue to rely on U.S. and coalition support to fill several key capability gaps, according to Department of Defense (DOD) reporting. DOD has initiatives to address some ANDSF capability gaps, such as a country-wide vehicle maintenance and training effort, but DOD reports it does not expect the ANDSF to develop and sustain independent capabilities in some areas, such as logistics, for several years. While DOD has firsthand information on the abilities of the Afghan Air Force and Special Security Forces to operate and maintain U.S.-purchased equipment, it has little reliable information on the equipment proficiency of conventional ANDSF units. U.S. and coalition advisors are embedded at the tactical level for the Air Force and Special Security Forces, enabling DOD to directly assess those forces' abilities. However, the advisors have little direct contact with conventional ANDSF units on the front lines. As a result, DOD relies on those units' self-assessments of tactical abilities, which, according to DOD officials, can be unreliable. GAO's analysis of three critical equipment types illustrated the varying degrees of DOD's information (see figure above). For example, DOD provided detailed information about the Air Force's ability to operate and maintain MD-530 helicopters and the Special Security Forces' ability to operate and maintain Mobile Strike Force Vehicles; however, DOD had limited information about how conventional forces operate and maintain radios and Mobile Strike Force Vehicles. DOD's lack of reliable information on conventional forces' equipment operations and maintenance abilities adds to the uncertainty and risk in assessing the progress of DOD efforts in Afghanistan. GAO recommends that DOD develop options for collecting reliable information on conventional ANDSF units' ability to operate and maintain U.S.-purchased equipment. DOD concurred with this recommendation."], "length": 32767, "E2E_time": 6.337387312203646, "context_token": 6610}
{"pred": " The report discusses the implementation of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) by state governments, focusing on the challenges faced in addressing the needs of substance-affected infants. CAPTA, originally enacted in 1974, provides funding to states to improve child protective services. The report highlights the impact of the opioid epidemic on the increase in infants born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS) and the subsequent need for states to develop policies and procedures to protect these infants and their families. Key challenges include unclear definitions of \"substance-affected,\" lack of guidance on when to notify child protective services (CPS), and the development of plans of safe care. States also face resource limitations and confidentiality issues when sharing information about substance use treatment. The report recommends that the Secretary of Health and Human Services provide additional guidance and technical assistance to states to better implement CAPTA requirements and address these challenges.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the implementation of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) by state governments, particularly focusing on challenges in addressing the needs of substance-affected infants. CAPTA, established in 1974, provides federal funding to states to enhance child protective services. The report underscores the impact of the opioid epidemic, which has led to a significant rise in infants born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS), necessitating state policies to protect these infants and their families.\n\nKey challenges identified include unclear definitions of \"substance-affected,\" insufficient guidance on when to notify child protective services (CPS), and the development of plans of safe care. States also struggle with resource limitations and confidentiality issues when sharing information about substance use treatment. The report recommends that the Secretary of Health and Human Services provide additional guidance and technical assistance to states to better implement CAPTA requirements and address these challenges.", "answers": ["Under CAPTA, states perform a range of prevention activities, including addressing the needs of infants born with prenatal drug exposure. The number of children under the age of 1 entering foster care increased by about 15 percent from fiscal years 2012 through 2015. Child welfare professionals attribute the increase to the opioid epidemic. GAO was asked to examine the steps states are taking to implement CAPTA requirements on substance-affected infants and related amendments enacted in 2016. This report examines (1) the extent to which states have adopted policies and procedures to notify CPS of substance-affected infants; (2) state efforts to develop plans of safe care, and associated challenges; and (3) steps HHS has taken to help states implement the provisions. To obtain this information, GAO surveyed state CPS directors in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and reached a 100 percent response rate. GAO also visited 3 states (Kentucky, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania); reviewed relevant documents such as federal laws and regulations, and HHS guidance; and interviewed HHS officials. GAO did not assess states' compliance with CAPTA requirements. All states reported adopting, to varying degrees, policies and procedures regarding health care providers notifying child protective services (CPS) about infants affected by opioids or other substances. Under the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA), as amended, governors are required to provide assurances that the states have laws or programs that include policies and procedures to address the needs of infants affected by prenatal substance use. This is to include health care providers notifying CPS of substance-affected infants. In response to GAO's survey, 42 states reported having policies and procedures that require health care providers to notify CPS about substance-affected infants and 8 states reported having policies that encourage notification. The remaining 1 state has a policy requiring health care providers to assess the needs of mothers and infants and if they conclude that infants are at risk for abuse or neglect, CPS is notified. In response to GAO's survey, 49 states reported that their CPS agency has policies to develop a plan of safe care; 2 reported not having such a requirement. Under CAPTA, states are required to develop a plan of safe care for substance-affected infants. Although not defined in law, a plan of safe care generally entails an assessment of the family's situation and a plan for connecting families to appropriate services to stabilize the family and ensure the child's safety and well-being. States reported that plans typically address the infant's safety needs, immediate medical needs, and the caregiver's substance use treatment needs. However, officials in the 3 states GAO visited noted challenges, including uncertainty about what to include in plans and the level of intervention needed for infants at low risk of abuse or neglect. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has provided technical assistance and guidance to states to implement these CAPTA requirements. Most states reported in GAO's survey that additional guidance and assistance would be very or extremely helpful for addressing their challenges. Nevertheless, HHS officials told GAO that the agency does not anticipate issuing additional written guidance, but that states can access technical assistance through their regional offices and the National Center on Substance Abuse and Child Welfare—a resource center funded by HHS. However, of the 37 states that reported on the helpfulness of the assistance they have received, 19 said it was only moderately helpful to not helpful. States offered suggestions for improving the assistance, such as developing substance abuse training materials for staff and holding video conferences with other states to share information. In October 2017, HHS officials explained that some states have submitted plans that include details on how they are addressing the CAPTA requirements. HHS officials reported that some of the plans submitted to date indicated that states are not meeting the requirements and those states have been asked to develop program improvement plans. Without more specific guidance and assistance to enhance states' understanding of CAPTA requirements and better address known challenges such as the ones described in this report, states may miss an opportunity to provide more effective protections and services for the children and families most in need. GAO recommends that HHS provide additional guidance and technical assistance to states to address known challenges and enhance their understanding of requirements. HHS did not concur with the recommendation. As discussed in the report, GAO continues to believe that added guidance would benefit states."], "length": 55427, "E2E_time": 7.7707670871168375, "context_token": 10268}
{"pred": " The report examines the challenges faced by U.S. government agencies and their partners in providing humanitarian assistance, particularly in high-risk countries. It highlights the reliance on correspondent banking relationships, which have declined due to increased regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs. The report finds that many implementing partners, especially non-profit organizations (NPOs), experience banking access challenges such as delays, denials, and increased costs when transferring funds. These challenges can affect project implementation, though most partners are able to mitigate them. The report also notes that USAID's current reporting requirements do not capture these challenges comprehensively, limiting the agency's ability to address them effectively. Recommendations include improving data collection and communication within and outside the agency to better understand and mitigate these challenges.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the difficulties encountered by U.S. government agencies and their partners in delivering humanitarian aid, particularly in high-risk countries. It emphasizes the dependence on correspondent banking relationships, which have diminished due to heightened regulatory oversight and compliance expenses. The report reveals that numerous implementing partners, especially non-profit organizations (NPOs), face banking access challenges such as delays, denials, and increased costs when transferring funds. These issues can impact project implementation, although most partners manage to mitigate them. Additionally, the report points out that USAID's current reporting requirements do not adequately capture these challenges, limiting the agency's ability to address them effectively. The recommendations include enhancing data collection and communication within and outside the agency to better understand and mitigate these challenges.", "answers": ["Since 2012, the United States has provided approximately $36 billion in humanitarian assistance to save lives and alleviate human suffering. Much of this assistance is provided in areas plagued by conflict or other issues that increase the risk of financial crimes. The World Bank and others have reported that humanitarian assistance organizations face challenges in accessing banking services that could affect project implementation. GAO was asked to review the possible effects of decreased banking access for nonprofit organizations on the delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance. In this report, GAO examines (1) the extent to which State and USAID partners experienced banking access challenges, (2) USAID partners' reporting on such challenges, and (3) actions U.S. agencies have taken to help address such challenges. GAO selected four high-risk countries—Syria, Somalia, Haiti, and Kenya—based on factors such as their inclusion in multiple financial risk-related indices, and selected a non-generalizable sample of 18 projects in those countries. GAO reviewed documentation and interviewed U.S. officials and the 18 partners for the selected projects. Implementing partners (partners) for 7 of 18 Department of State (State) and U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) humanitarian assistance projects that GAO selected noted encountering banking access challenges, such as delays or denials in transferring funds overseas. Of those 7 projects, 1 partner told us that banking access challenges adversely affected its project and 2 additional partners told us that the challenges had the potential for adverse effects. Moreover, the majority of partners (15 out of 18) for the 18 projects noted experiencing banking access challenges on their global portfolio of projects over the previous 5 years. USAID's partners' written reports do not capture potential risks posed by banking access challenges because USAID generally does not require most partners to report in writing any challenges that do not affect implementation. Six of the 7 projects that encountered challenges were USAID-funded. Of those 6 USAID projects, 5 partners told us that these challenges did not rise to the threshold of affecting project implementation that would necessitate reporting, and 1 did not report challenges although its project was adversely affected. Additionally, GAO's review of about 1,300 USAID partner reports found that the few instances where challenges were mentioned lacked sufficient detail for GAO to determine their type, severity, or origin. Without information on banking access challenges that pose potential risks to project implementation, USAID is not aware of the full extent of risks to achieving its objectives. The Department of the Treasury (Treasury) and State have taken various actions to help address banking access challenges encountered by nonprofit organizations (NPO), but USAID's efforts have been limited. Treasury's efforts have focused on engagement between NPOs and U.S. agencies, while State has issued guidance on the topic to its embassies and designated an office to focus on these issues. In contrast, USAID lacks a comparable office, and NPOs stated that it is difficult to find USAID staff to engage with on this topic. Further, GAO found that awareness of specific challenges was generally limited to USAID staff directly overseeing the project. Without communicating these challenges to relevant parties, USAID may not be aware of all risks to agency objectives and may not be able to effectively engage with external entities on efforts to address these challenges. GAO recommends that USAID should take steps to (1) collect information on banking access challenges experienced by USAID's partners and (2) communicate that information both within USAID and with external entities, such as other U.S. agencies and partners. USAID concurred with our recommendations."], "length": 65141, "E2E_time": 7.358330592047423, "context_token": 11964}
{"pred": " The report examines the Exceptional Family Member Program (EFMP) within the Department of Defense (DOD), focusing on its assignment coordination and family support components. The EFMP is designed to support military families with special needs, particularly during frequent relocations. The report highlights the structure of the EFMP, which includes identification and enrollment, assignment coordination, and family support. It also discusses the role of the Office of Special Needs (OSN) in overseeing the program and the challenges faced in ensuring consistent and adequate support across different military services. The findings reveal variations in the implementation of family support services, the lack of standardized performance metrics, and the need for better monitoring and evaluation of the program's effectiveness. The report concludes with recommendations for DOD to improve resource allocation, develop common performance measures, and establish a systematic process for evaluating the program's outcomes.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Defense's (DOD) Exceptional Family Member Program (EFMP), which supports military families with special needs, particularly during relocations. The EFMP comprises three components: identification and enrollment, assignment coordination, and family support. The Office of Special Needs (OSN) oversees the program, but challenges include inconsistent implementation of family support services across military services, a lack of standardized performance metrics, and inadequate monitoring of program effectiveness. The report highlights the need for DOD to enhance resource allocation, develop common performance measures, and establish a systematic process for evaluating outcomes to improve support for these families.", "answers": ["Military families with special medical and educational needs face unique challenges because of their frequent moves. To help assist these families, DOD provides services plans, which document the support a family member requires. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 included a provision for GAO to review the Services' EFMPs, including DOD's oversight of these programs. This report examines the extent to which (1) each Service provides family support and (2) the Services monitor and DOD evaluates assignment coordination and family support. GAO analyzed DOD and Service-specific EFMP guidance and documents; analyzed fiscal year 2016 EFMP data (the most recent available); visited seven military installations, selected for their large numbers of military-connected students; and interviewed officials responsible for implementing each Service's EFMP, as well as officials in OSN that administer DOD's EFM policy. The support provided to families with special needs through the Department of Defense's (DOD) Exceptional Family Member Program (EFMP) varies widely for each branch of Military Service. Federal law requires DOD's Office of Special Needs (OSN) to develop a uniform policy that includes requirements for (1) developing and updating a services plan for each family with special needs and (2) resources, such as staffing, to ensure an appropriate number of family support providers. OSN has developed such a policy, but DOD relies on each Service to determine its compliance with the policy. However, Army and Navy officials said they have not received feedback from OSN about the extent to which their Service-specific guidance complies. Federal internal control standards call for developing clear policies to achieve agency goals. In addition, DOD's most recent annual reports to Congress do not indicate the extent to which each Service provides services plans or allocates sufficient resources for family support providers. According to GAO's analysis, the Military Services have developed relatively few services plans, and there is wide variation in the number of family support providers employed, which raises questions about potential gaps in services for families with special needs (see table). Each Service uses various mechanisms to monitor how servicemembers are assigned to installations (assignment coordination) and obtain family support, but DOD has not established common performance measures to assess these activities. DOD has taken steps to better support families with special needs, according to the DOD officials GAO interviewed. For example, DOD established a working group to identify gaps in services. However, OSN officials said that DOD lacks common performance measures for assignment coordination and family support because the Services have not reached consensus on what those measures should be. In addition, OSN does not have a process to systematically evaluate the results of the Services' monitoring activities. Federal internal control standards call for assessing performance over time and evaluating the results of monitoring activities. Without establishing common performance measures and assessing monitoring activities, DOD will be unable to fully determine the effect of its efforts to better support families with special needs and the adequacy of the Services' EFMPs as required by federal law. GAO makes a total of three recommendations to DOD. DOD should assess and report to Congress on the extent to which each Service provides sufficient family support personnel and services plans, develop common performance metrics for assignment coordination and family support, and evaluate the results of the Services' monitoring activities. DOD agreed with these recommendations and plans to develop performance metrics for assignment coordination and develop plans to evaluate the Services' monitoring activities."], "length": 42315, "E2E_time": 6.074789150152355, "context_token": 7686}
{"pred": " The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is a highly anticipated successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, designed for infrared observations. The report outlines the telescope's objectives, technical specifications, and the challenges faced during its development. Key points include the telescope's large deployable mirror, the tennis court-sized sunshield, and its complex deployment mechanisms. The report also details the project's cost overruns, schedule delays, and technical issues, such as workmanship errors and design flaws. Additionally, it highlights the management and oversight measures implemented to address these challenges, including the use of award fees and increased contractor oversight. The report concludes with a recommendation for NASA to conduct a Joint Cost and Schedule Confidence Level (JCL) analysis prior to the system integration review to better assess the project's status and risks.\n</think>\n\nThe James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is a highly anticipated successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, designed for infrared observations. The report outlines the telescope's objectives, technical specifications, and the challenges faced during its development. Key points include the telescope's large deployable mirror, the tennis court-sized sunshield, and its complex deployment mechanisms. The report also details the project's cost overruns, schedule delays, and technical issues, such as workmanship errors and design flaws. Additionally, it highlights the management and oversight measures implemented to address these challenges, including the use of award fees and increased contractor oversight. The report concludes with a recommendation for NASA to conduct a Joint Cost and Schedule Confidence Level (JCL) analysis prior to the system integration review to better assess the project's status and risks.", "answers": ["JWST, a large, deployable telescope, is one of NASA's most complex projects and top priorities. The project has delayed its planned launch three times since September 2017 due to problems discovered in testing. In June 2018, NASA approved new cost and schedule estimates for JWST. Since the project established its cost and schedule baselines in 2009, the project's costs have increased by 95 percent and the launch date has been moved back by 81 months. Conference Report No. 112-284, accompanying the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012, included a provision for GAO to assess the project annually and report on its progress. This is the seventh report. This report assesses (1) the considerations NASA took into account when updating the project's cost and schedule commitments and (2) the extent to which NASA has taken steps to improve oversight and performance of JWST, among other issues. GAO reviewed relevant NASA policies, analyzed NASA and contractor data, and interviewed NASA and contractor officials. In June 2018, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) revised the cost and schedule commitments for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) to reflect known technical challenges, as well as provide additional time to address unanticipated challenges. For example, the revised launch readiness date of March 2021 included 5.5 months to address a design issue for the cover of the sunshield (see image). The purpose of the sunshield is to protect the telescope's mirrors and instruments from the sun's heat. NASA found that hardware on the cover came loose during testing in April 2018. The new cost estimate of $9.7 billion is driven by the schedule extension, which requires keeping the contractor's workforce on board longer than expected. Before the project enters its final phase of integration and test, it must conduct a review to determine if it can launch within its cost and schedule commitments. As part of this review, the project is not required to update its joint cost and schedule confidence level analysis—an analysis that provides the probability the project can meet its cost and schedule commitments—but government and industry cost and schedule experts have found it is a best practice to do so. Such analysis would provide NASA officials with better information to support decisions on allocating resources, especially in light of the project's recent cost and schedule growth. NASA has taken steps to improve oversight and performance of JWST, and identified the JWST project manager as responsible for monitoring the continued implementation of these changes. Examples of recent changes include increasing on-site presence at the contractor facility and conducting comprehensive audits of design processes. Sustaining focus on these changes through launch will be important if schedule pressures arise later and because of past challenges with communications. GAO will follow up on the project's monitoring of these improvements in future reviews. GAO recommends NASA update the project's joint cost and schedule confidence level analysis. NASA concurred with the recommendation made in this report."], "length": 38890, "E2E_time": 6.392432386986911, "context_token": 7469}
{"pred": " The report discusses various U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) child nutrition programs, including the National School Lunch Program (NSLP), School Breakfast Program (SBP), Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP), and others. It highlights the reauthorization process under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA) and subsequent legislative efforts. Key issues include nutrition standards, sourcing of domestically produced foods, summer meal programs, and challenges related to unpaid meal costs. The report also covers recent policy changes and stakeholder perspectives on these programs.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an overview of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) child nutrition programs, which include the National School Lunch Program (NSLP), School Breakfast Program (SBP), Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP), and others. These programs aim to provide nutritious meals to children in various settings, with the NSLP and SBP being the largest. The programs were last reauthorized under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA), which introduced updated nutrition standards and faced challenges during implementation, such as student acceptance and increased costs. Subsequent legislative efforts in Congress aimed to address these issues, including changes to milk, whole grain, and sodium requirements.\n\nKey topics in the report include the debate over sourcing domestically produced foods, alternatives to congregate summer meals, and the Community Eligibility Provision (CEP), which allows schools with high eligible student populations to offer free meals to all students. The report also addresses challenges related to unpaid meal costs and lunch shaming practices, as well as legislative proposals to establish national standards for meal charges. Additionally, it covers recent policy changes, such as the inclusion of canned, dried, and frozen fruits and vegetables in the FFVP, and the impact of the HHFKA on school meal pricing and revenue from competitive foods.\n\nStakeholders, including school food authorities, advocacy groups, and food industry organizations, have varying perspectives on these issues, reflecting ongoing debates about balancing nutrition, access, and cost-effectiveness in child nutrition programs. The report underscores the importance of these programs in addressing child hunger and promoting healthy eating habits, while highlighting the need for continued policy attention and adaptation to meet the evolving needs of schools and students.", "answers": ["The term child nutrition programs refers to several U.S. Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Service (USDA-FNS) programs that provide food for children in institutional settings. These include the school meals programs—the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program—as well as the Child and Adult Care Food Program, Summer Food Service Program, Special Milk Program, and Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program. The most recent child nutrition reauthorization, the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA; P.L. 111-296), made a number of changes to the child nutrition programs. In some cases, these changes spurred debate during the law's implementation, particularly in regard to updated nutrition standards for school meals and snacks. On September 30, 2015, some of the authorities created by the HHFKA expired. Efforts to reauthorize the child nutrition programs in the 114th Congress, while not completed, considered several related issues and prompted further discussion about the programs. There were no substantial reauthorization attempts in the 115th Congress. Current issues discussed in this report include the following: Nutrition standards for school meals and snacks. The HHFKA required USDA to update the nutrition standards for school meals and other foods sold in schools. USDA issued final rules on these standards in 2012 and 2016, respectively. Some schools had difficulty implementing the nutrition standards, and USDA and Congress have taken actions to change certain parts of the standards related to whole grains, sodium, and milk. Offerings in the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP). There have been debates recently over whether the FFVP should include processed and preserved fruits and vegetables, including canned, dried, and frozen items. Currently, statute permits only fresh offerings. \"Buy American\" requirements for school meals. The school meals programs' authorizing laws require schools to source foods domestically, with some exceptions, under Buy American requirements. Efforts both to tighten and loosen these requirements have been made in recent years. The enacted 2018 farm bill (P.L. 115-334) instructed USDA to \"enforce full compliance\" with the Buy American requirements and report to Congress within 180 days of enactment. Congregate feeding in summer meals. Under current law, children must consume summer meals on-site. This is known as the \"congregate feeding\" requirement. Starting in 2010, Congress funded demonstration projects, including the Summer Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) demonstration, to test alternatives to congregate feeding in summer meals. Congress has increased funding for Summer EBT in recent appropriations cycles and there have been discussions about whether to continue or expand the program. Implementation of the Community Eligibility Provision (CEP). The HHFKA created CEP, an option for qualifying schools, groups of schools, and school districts to offer free meals to all students. Because income-based applications for school meals are no longer required in schools adopting CEP, its implementation has created data issues for federal and state programs relying on free and reduced-price lunch eligibility data. Unpaid meal costs and \"lunch shaming.\" The issue of students not paying for meals and schools' handling of these situations has received increasing attention. Some schools have adopted what some term as \"lunch shaming\" practices, including throwing away a student's selected hot meal and providing a cold meal alternative when a student does not pay. Congress and USDA have taken actions recently to reduce instances of student nonpayment and stigmatization. Paid lunch pricing. One result of new requirements in the HHFKA was price increases for paid (full price) lunches in many schools. Attempts have been made—some successfully—to loosen these \"paid lunch equity\" requirements in recent years."], "length": 33927, "E2E_time": 8.14746025716886, "context_token": 6987}
{"pred": " The report examines the Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund (CSPF), a large multiemployer defined benefit pension plan, and its critical financial condition. CSPF, established in 1955, serves International Brotherhood of Teamsters members in the trucking industry. The report highlights several factors contributing to CSPF's financial challenges, including industry deregulation, declining active participants, employer withdrawals, and underfunding. Key events include the 1982 consent decree to ensure compliance with ERISA, the 2007 withdrawal of UPS, and the impact of market downturns on investment performance. CSPF's investment policies, asset allocations, and performance are analyzed, showing a reliance on equities and challenges in achieving sufficient returns. The report also discusses regulatory responses, including the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014, and the role of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) in insuring multiemployer plans. Despite efforts, CSPF remains underfunded, with a funded percentage of about 38% as of 2017, and faces projected insolvency by 2025. The report underscores the broader challenges facing multiemployer pension plans and the need for systemic reforms to address funding and solvency issues.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund (CSPF), a large multiemployer defined benefit pension plan established in 1955 to serve International Brotherhood of Teamsters members in the trucking industry. The report identifies several key factors contributing to CSPF's critical financial condition, including industry deregulation, a decline in active participants, employer withdrawals, and underfunding. Notable events include the 1982 consent decree to ensure compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the 2007 withdrawal of United Parcel Service (UPS), and the impact of market downturns on investment performance. CSPF's investment policies, asset allocations, and performance are examined, revealing a reliance on equities and challenges in achieving sufficient returns. The report also discusses regulatory responses, such as the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014, and the role of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) in insuring multiemployer plans. Despite efforts, CSPF remains underfunded, with a funded percentage of about 38% as of 2017, and faces projected insolvency by 2025. The report highlights the broader challenges facing multiemployer pension plans and the need for systemic reforms to address funding and solvency issues.", "answers": ["Multiemployer plans are collectively bargained pension agreements often between labor unions and two or more employers. CSPF is one of the nation's largest multiemployer defined benefit pension plans, covering about 385,000 participants. Since 1982, the plan has operated under a court-enforceable consent decree which, among other things, requires that the plan's assets be managed by independent parties. Within 7 years, CSPF estimates that the plan's financial condition will require severe benefit cuts. GAO was asked to review the events and factors that led to the plan's critical financial status and how its investment outcomes compare to similar plans. GAO describes (1) what is known about the factors that contributed to CSPF's critical financial condition; (2) what has been CSPF's investment policy, and the process for setting and executing it, since the consent decree was established; and (3) how CSPF's investments have performed over time, particularly compared to similar pension plans. GAO reviewed relevant federal laws and regulations; interviewed CSPF representatives, International Brotherhood of Teamsters officials and members, federal officials, and knowledgeable industry stakeholders; reviewed CSPF documentation including investment policy statements and board of trustee meeting minutes; and analyzed investment returns and fees from required, annual pension plan filings and from consultant benchmarking reports. The Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund (CSPF) was established in 1955 to provide pension benefits to trucking industry workers, and is one of the largest multiemployer plans. According to its regulatory filings, CSPF had less than half the estimated funds needed to cover plan liabilities in 1982 at the time it entered into a court-enforceable consent decree that provides for oversight of certain plan activities. Since then, CSPF has made some progress toward achieving its targeted level of funding; however, CSPF has never been more than 75 percent funded and its funding level has weakened since 2002, as shown in the figure below. Stakeholders GAO interviewed identified numerous factors that contributed to CSPF's financial condition. For example, stakeholders stated that changes within the trucking industry as well as a decline in union membership contributed to CSPF's inability to maintain a healthy contribution base. CSPF's active participants made up about 69 percent of all participants in 1982, but accounted for only 16 percent in 2016. The most dramatic change in active participants occurred in 2007 when the United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) withdrew from the plan. At that time, UPS accounted for about 30 percent of the plan's active participants (i.e. workers). In addition, the market declines of 2001 to 2002 and 2008 had a significant negative impact on the plan's long-term investment performance. Stakeholders noted that while each individual factor contributed to CSPF's critical financial condition, the interrelated nature of the factors also had a cumulative effect on the plan's financial condition. Both CSPF's investment policy and the process for setting and executing it have changed several times since the consent decree was established in 1982. The original consent decree gave an independent asset manager—called a named fiduciary—exclusive authority to set and change the plan's investment policies and manage plan assets, and prohibited CSPF trustees from managing assets or making investment decisions. Initially, the named fiduciaries sold the troubled real estate assets acquired during the pre-consent decree era. Subsequent changes include the following: In 1993, the named fiduciaries started to increase investment in equities, and their policies continued to direct that asset allocations be weighted toward equities until early 2017. Between 2003 and 2010, the court approved three plan decisions to move a total of 50 percent of CSPF's assets into passively-managed accounts (passive management typically seeks to match the performance of a specific market index and reduce investment fees). An early-2017 investment policy change precipitated by CSPF's deteriorating financial condition will continue to move plan assets into fixed income investments ahead of projected insolvency, or the date when CSPF is expected to have insufficient assets to pay promised benefits when due. As a result, assets will be gradually transitioned from “return-seeking assets”—such as equities and emerging markets debt—to high-quality investment grade debt and U.S. Treasury securities with intermediate and short-term maturities. The plan is projected to become insolvent on January 1, 2025. CSPF officials and named fiduciary representatives said these changes are intended to reduce the plan's exposure to market risk and volatility, and provide participants greater certainty prior to projected insolvency. GAO found that CSPF's investment returns and expenses were generally in line with similarly sized institutional investors and with demographically similar multiemployer pension plans. For example, GAO's analysis of returns using the peer group measure used by CSPF known as the Wilshire Associates' Trust Universe Comparison Service (TUCS), showed that CSPF's annual investment returns since 1995 were above the median about as many times as they were below. Similarly, comparing CSPF's returns to a peer group of similar multiemployer defined benefit plans using federally required annual reports found that CSPF's annual investment returns were in line with those of its peers. Specifically, CSPF's annual returns were above the median nine times and below it six times—and CSPF's overall (dollar-weighted) average annual return from 2000 through 2014 was close to that of the peer median average return of 4.8 percent. In addition, GAO found that CSPF's investment fees and other administrative expenses have also been in line with other large multiemployer plans. For example: CSPF's investment fees as a percentage of assets were about 9 percent lower than the median of large defined benefit multiemployer plans over the 2000 through 2014 period—though much of that difference is accounted for by a relative reduction in investment fees since 2007. CSPF's investment fees as a percentage of assets were, on average, about 34 basis points (or 0.34 percent). CSPF's administrative expenses related to the day-to-day operations of the plan have also been in line with other large multiemployer plans. CSPF's administrative expenses per participant were below the median for large defined benefit multiemployer plans for 12 of the 15 years over the 2000 through 2014 period. As of 2014, CSPF's administrative expense was $98 per participant, which is about 16 percent less than the median for large defined benefit multiemployer plans. GAO is not making recommendations in this report."], "length": 102413, "E2E_time": 14.076976575888693, "context_token": 21282}
{"pred": " The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 established the Choice Program, providing $10 billion for veterans to access community health care when facing challenges with VA facilities. The program was later expanded with additional funding. The report examines the program's administration, challenges, and improvements. Key issues include delays in payments to community providers, untimely processing of claims, and inadequate provider education. VA has taken steps to address these issues, such as modifying contracts and implementing new systems, but ongoing challenges remain, particularly with authorization delays and customer service. The report concludes with recommendations to improve monitoring and compliance.\n</think>\n\nThe Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 introduced the Choice Program, allocating $10 billion to enable veterans to access community health care when facing difficulties with VA facilities. The program was later expanded with an additional $9.4 billion. The report evaluates the program's administration, challenges, and improvements, highlighting key issues such as delays in payments to community providers, untimely claims processing, and inadequate provider education. VA has implemented measures to address these challenges, including contract modifications and new systems, but ongoing issues persist, particularly regarding authorization delays and customer service. The report concludes with recommendations to enhance monitoring and compliance, emphasizing the importance of these improvements for the successful implementation of the forthcoming Veterans Community Care Program.", "answers": ["Questions have been raised about the lack of timeliness of TPAs' payments to community providers under the Choice Program and how this may affect the willingness of providers to participate in the program as well as in the forthcoming Veterans Community Care Program. You asked GAO to review issues related to the timeliness of TPAs' payments to community providers under the Choice Program. This report examines, among other things, (1) the length of time TPAs have taken to pay community providers' claims and factors affecting timeliness of payments, and (2) actions taken by VA and the TPAs to reduce the length of time TPAs take to pay community providers for Choice Program claims. GAO reviewed TPA data on the length of time taken to pay community provider claims from November 2014 through June 2018, the most recent data available at the time of GAO's review. GAO also reviewed documentation, such as the contracts between VA and its TPAs, and interviewed VA and TPA officials. In addition, GAO interviewed a non-generalizable sample of 15 community providers, selected based on their large Choice Program claims volume, to learn about their experiences with payment timeliness. The Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) Veterans Choice Program (Choice Program) was created in 2014 to address problems with veterans' timely access to care at VA medical facilities. The Choice Program allows eligible veterans to obtain health care services from providers not directly employed by VA (community providers), who are then reimbursed for their services through one of the program's two third-party administrators (TPA). GAO's analysis of TPA data available for November 2014 through June 2018 shows that the length of time the TPAs took to pay community providers' clean claims each month varied widely—from 7 days to 68 days. VA and its TPAs identified several key factors affecting timeliness of payments to community providers under the Choice Program, including VA's untimely payments to TPAs, which in turn extended the length of time TPAs took to pay community providers' claims; and inadequate provider education on filing claims. VA has taken actions to address key factors that have contributed to the length of time TPAs have taken to pay community providers. For example, VA updated its payment system and related processes to pay TPAs more quickly. According to VA data, as of July 2018, VA was paying at least 90 percent of the TPAs' invoices within 7 days. In addition, VA and the TPAs have taken steps to improve provider education to help providers resolve claims processing issues. However, 9 of the 15 providers GAO interviewed said they continue to experience lengthy telephone hold times. According to VA and TPA officials, steps have been taken to improve the customer service offered to community providers. However, VA officials do not collect data on or monitor TPA compliance with customer service requirements—such as calls being answered within 30 seconds or less—for provider calls because they said they are not enforcing the requirements and are allowing TPAs to prioritize calls from veterans. Without collecting data and monitoring compliance, VA does not have information on challenges providers may face when contacting TPAs to resolve payment issues. GAO is making two recommendations, including that VA should collect data on and monitor compliance with its requirements pertaining to customer service for community providers. VA concurred with GAO's recommendations and described steps it will take to implement them."], "length": 34766, "E2E_time": 5.504931869916618, "context_token": 6711}
{"pred": " The report examines the operations, funding, and capital planning of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA). Established in 1967, WMATA operates a regional transportation system in the National Capital area, governed by a board of directors from the District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia, and the federal government. WMATA's rail system includes six lines covering 118 linear miles, with funding from federal, state, and local sources. From fiscal years 2011 to 2017, WMATA received $5.8 billion in capital funding, primarily from the federal government and state/local jurisdictions. The report highlights WMATA's efforts to address capital needs, including vehicle replacement, infrastructure rehabilitation, and maintenance facilities. It also discusses challenges in capital planning, such as overestimating budget expenditures and the need for a more robust asset management system. Additionally, the report evaluates WMATA's track preventive maintenance program, noting progress in reducing track defects and fires but identifying ongoing challenges like resource constraints and the need for better risk assessment and program management. The report concludes with recommendations for WMATA to improve its capital planning processes, develop performance measures, enhance asset management, and strengthen program management for its track maintenance initiatives.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), focusing on its operations, funding, and capital planning. Established in 1967, WMATA operates a regional transportation system in the National Capital area, governed by a board of directors from the District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia, and the federal government. WMATA's rail system includes six lines covering 118 linear miles, with funding sourced from federal, state, and local jurisdictions. Between fiscal years 2011 and 2017, WMATA received $5.8 billion in capital funding, with the majority coming from federal grants and state/local contributions.\n\nThe report highlights WMATA's efforts to address capital needs, including vehicle replacement, infrastructure rehabilitation, and maintenance facilities. However, it also identifies challenges such as overestimating budget expenditures and the need for a more robust asset management system. Additionally, the report evaluates WMATA's track preventive maintenance program, noting progress in reducing track defects and fires but pointing out ongoing challenges like resource constraints and the need for better risk assessment and program management.\n\nThe report concludes with recommendations for WMATA to improve its capital planning processes, develop performance measures, enhance asset management, and strengthen program management for its track maintenance initiatives. These recommendations aim to ensure that WMATA's capital investments are aligned with strategic goals, improve operational efficiency, and enhance the safety and reliability of its transportation system.", "answers": ["Safety incidents in recent years on WMATA's rail system have raised questions about its processes for performing critical maintenance and replacing capital assets. WMATA initiated a new preventive maintenance program for its rail track in 2017, and is currently implementing a new capital planning process. GAO was asked to examine issues related to WMATA's capital funding and maintenance practices. This report examines: (1) how WMATA spent its capital funds from fiscal years 2011 through 2017, (2) how WMATA's new capital planning process addresses weaknesses it identified in the prior process, and (3) WMATA's progress toward its track preventive maintenance program's goals and how the program aligns with leading program management practices. GAO analyzed WMATA's financial and program information, interviewed officials of WMATA, the Federal Transit Administration, and five transit agencies selected for similarities to WMATA. GAO compared WMATA's capital planning process and track maintenance program with leading practices. From fiscal years 2011 through 2017, the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) spent almost $6 billion on a variety of capital assets, with the largest share spent on improving its rail and bus fleet (see figure). Over this period, WMATA's capital spending was, on average, about $845 million annually. WMATA's new capital planning process could address some weaknesses it identified in the prior process. WMATA established a framework for quantitatively prioritizing capital needs (investments to a group of related assets) over a 10-year period. However, WMATA has not established documented policies and procedures for implementing the new process, such as those for selecting specific projects for funding in its annual capital budget. WMATA is currently using its new capital planning process to make fiscal year 2020 investment decisions. WMATA has proposed a fiscal year 2020 capital budget of $1.4 billion. Without documented policies and procedures for implementing the new planning process, WMATA's stakeholders do not have reasonable assurance that WMATA is following a sound process for making investment decisions. WMATA has made significant progress toward its track preventive maintenance program's goals, which are to reduce both track-defect and electrical-fire incidents by 50 percent in fiscal year 2019 compared with 2017. In fiscal year 2018, WMATA met its goal for reducing track defect incidents and reduced electrical fire incidents by 20 percent. However, in designing the program, WMATA did not fully assess risks. For example, WMATA did not quantitatively assess the impact of track defects or electrical fires on its ability to provide service, nor did it consider other risks such as non-electrical track fires, which represent about 30 percent of all fires on the system, or other factors, such as resources or track time. Without a comprehensive risk assessment, WMATA lacks reasonable assurance that the program is designed to address risks affecting the safety of the rail system or other risks that could hinder the new program's success. GAO is making five recommendations, including that WMATA establish documented policies and procedures for the new capital planning process and conduct a comprehensive risk assessment for the track preventive maintenance program. WMATA described actions planned or underway to address GAO's recommendations. GAO believes the recommendations should be fully implemented, as discussed in the report."], "length": 74390, "E2E_time": 11.468615958001465, "context_token": 13921}
{"pred": " The World Trade Organization (WTO) is a critical institution for governing global trade, established in 1995 to replace the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). The WTO administers trade rules, facilitates negotiations, and resolves disputes among its 164 members, aiming to create a fair and nondiscriminatory trading system. The United States has been a key player in shaping the WTO, particularly through the Uruguay Round negotiations that expanded the scope of trade rules to include services, intellectual property, and agriculture.\n\nThe WTO's effectiveness as a negotiating body has been questioned, especially regarding its inability to conclude the Doha Round, which aimed to address issues like agricultural subsidies and market access. The organization has also struggled to keep up with modern trade challenges, such as digital trade and state-owned enterprises. Recent U.S. skepticism towards the WTO, including threats to withdraw, has added strain to the multilateral system.\n\nDespite these challenges, the WTO remains vital for resolving trade disputes and maintaining a rules-based trading system. Key issues for the future include reforming the dispute settlement mechanism, addressing the role of state-owned enterprises, and updating rules to reflect current economic realities. The United States' leadership and engagement in these efforts are crucial for the WTO's continued relevance and effectiveness in promoting global trade stability and prosperity.\n</think>\n\nThe World Trade Organization (WTO) is a cornerstone of the global trading system, established in 1995 to replace the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). It governs international trade through a set of rules designed to ensure fairness, transparency, and nondiscrimination. The WTO's three main functions are administering trade rules, facilitating negotiations, and resolving disputes among its 164 members. The United States has played a pivotal role in shaping the WTO, particularly through the Uruguay Round negotiations, which expanded the scope of trade rules to include services, intellectual property, and agriculture.\n\nThe WTO faces significant challenges, including the stalled Doha Round negotiations, which aimed to address issues like agricultural subsidies and market access. The organization has struggled to adapt to modern trade challenges, such as digital trade and the role of state-owned enterprises. Recent U.S. skepticism towards the WTO, including threats to withdraw, has added strain to the multilateral system.\n\nDespite these challenges, the WTO remains essential for resolving trade disputes and maintaining a rules-based trading system. Key issues for the future include reforming the dispute settlement mechanism, addressing the role of state-owned enterprises, and updating rules to reflect current economic realities. The United States' leadership and engagement in these efforts are crucial for the WTO's continued relevance and effectiveness in promoting global trade stability and prosperity.", "answers": ["Historically, the United States' leadership of the global trading system has ensured the United States a seat at the table to shape the international trade agenda in ways that both advance and defend U.S. interests. The evolution of U.S. leadership and the global trade agenda remain of interest to Congress, which holds constitutional authority over foreign commerce and establishes trade negotiating objectives and principles through legislation. Congress has recognized the World Trade Organization (WTO) as the \"foundation of the global trading system\" within trade promotion authority (TPA) and plays a direct legislative and oversight role over WTO agreements. The statutory basis for U.S. WTO membership is the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (P.L. 103-465), and U.S. priorities and objectives for the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT)/WTO have been reflected in various TPA legislation since 1974. Congress also has oversight of the U.S. Trade Representative and other agencies that participate in WTO meetings and enforce WTO commitments. The WTO is a 164-member international organization that was created to oversee and administer multilateral trade rules, serve as a forum for trade liberalization negotiations, and resolve trade disputes. The United States was a major force behind the establishment of the WTO in 1995, and the rules and agreements resulting from multilateral trade negotiations. The WTO encompassed and succeeded the GATT, established in 1947 among the United States and 22 other countries. Through the GATT and WTO, the United States, with other countries, sought to establish a more open, rules-based trading system in the postwar era, with the goal of fostering international economic cooperation and raising economic prosperity worldwide. Today, 98% of global trade is among WTO members. The WTO is a consensus and member-driven organization. Its core principles include nondiscrimination (most favored nation treatment and national treatment), freer trade, fair competition, transparency, and encouraging development. These are enshrined in a series of WTO trade agreements covering goods, agriculture, services, intellectual property rights, and trade facilitation, among other issues. Some countries, including China, have been motivated to join the WTO not just to expand access to foreign markets but to spur domestic economic reforms, help transition to market economies, and promote the rule of law. The WTO Dispute Settlement Understanding (DSU) provides an enforceable means for members to resolve disputes over WTO commitments and obligations. The WTO has processed more than 500 disputes, and the United States has been an active user of the dispute settlement system. Supporters of the multilateral trading system consider the dispute settlement mechanism an important success of the system. At the same time, some members, including the United States, contend it has procedural shortcomings and has exceeded its mandate in deciding cases. Many observers are concerned that the effectiveness of the WTO has diminished since the collapse of the Doha Round of multilateral trade negotiations, which began in 2001, and believe the WTO needs to adopt reforms to continue its role as the foundation of the global trading system. To date, WTO members have been unable to reach consensus for a new comprehensive multilateral agreement on trade liberalization and rules. While global supply chains and technology have transformed international trade and investment, global trade rules have not kept up with the pace of change. Many countries have turned to negotiating free trade agreements (FTAs) outside the WTO as well as plurilateral agreements involving subsets of WTO members rather than all members. At the latest WTO Ministerial conference in December 2017, no major deliverables were announced. Several members committed to make progress on ongoing talks, such as fisheries subsidies and e-commerce, while other areas remain stalled. While many were disappointed by the limited progress, in the U.S. view, the outcome signaled that \"the impasse at the WTO was broken,\" paving the way for groups of like-minded countries to pursue new work in other key areas. Certain WTO members have begun to explore aspects of reform and future negotiations. Potential reforms concern the administration of the organization, its procedures and practices, and attempts to address the inability of WTO members to conclude new agreements. Proposed DS reforms also attempt to improve the working of the dispute settlement system, particularly the Appellate Body—the seven-member body that reviews appeals by WTO members of a panel's findings in a dispute case. Some U.S. frustrations with the WTO are not new and many are shared by other trading partners, such as the European Union. At the same time, the Administration's overall approach has spurred new questions regarding the future of U.S. leadership and U.S. priorities for improving the multilateral trading system. Concerns have emphasized that the Administration's recent actions to unilaterally raise tariffs under U.S. trade laws and to possibly impede the functioning of the dispute settlement system might undermine the credibility of the WTO system. A growing question of some observers is whether the WTO would flounder for lack of U.S. leadership, or whether other WTO members like the EU and China taking on larger roles would continue to make it a meaningful actor in the global trade environment. The growing debate over the role and future direction of the WTO may be of interest to Congress. Important issues it may address include how current and future WTO agreements affect the U.S. economy, the value of U.S. membership and leadership in the WTO, whether new U.S. negotiating objectives or oversight hearings are needed to address prospects for new WTO reforms and rulemaking, and the relevant authorities and impact of potential U.S. withdrawal from the WTO on U.S. economic and foreign policy interests."], "length": 142196, "E2E_time": 16.428917116951197, "context_token": 27225}
{"pred": " The report examines the processes used by six federal agencies to estimate improper payments under the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act (IPERA) and related guidance. It identifies several key issues, including the lack of comprehensive risk assessments in some programs, inconsistent treatment of nonresponse cases, and outdated methodologies that exclude recovered overpayments. The report makes recommendations to improve these processes, including developing clearer guidance from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) on testing methodologies and nonresponse treatment, and updating agency-specific processes to address identified risks and compliance with IPERA requirements.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates how six federal agencies estimate improper payments under IPERA and related guidelines, highlighting several critical issues. Key findings include inadequate risk assessments in programs like DOD's Military Pay and OPM's Retirement, inconsistent handling of nonresponse cases, and outdated methodologies that exclude recovered overpayments, as seen in IRS's EITC process. The report recommends that OMB develop clearer guidance on testing methodologies and nonresponse treatment, and urges agencies to update their processes to address risks and comply with IPERA.", "answers": ["Improper payments—which include payments that should not have been made or were made in an incorrect amount—are a long-standing, significant problem in the federal government, estimated at almost $141 billion for fiscal year 2017. Executive branch agencies are required to annually estimate improper payments for certain programs. Estimation of improper payments is key to understanding the extent of the problem and to developing effective corrective actions. Relevant laws and guidance provide agencies flexibility in developing estimates. This report describes agencies' processes to estimate improper payments in selected programs for fiscal year 2017 and the extent to which certain differences in these processes can affect the usefulness of the resulting estimates. GAO selected 10 programs across six agencies with the largest reported program outlays in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. For these programs, GAO reviewed relevant laws and guidance, analyzed agencies' policies and procedures, and interviewed officials at relevant agencies and OMB staff. The six agencies GAO reviewed reported taking various approaches related to key components of estimating improper payments—shown in the figure below—for 10 selected programs, which collectively reported outlays of over $2.5 trillion for fiscal year 2017. Sample selection. Eight of the 10 programs GAO reviewed reported using statistically valid approaches, and the remaining 2 reported using alternative methodologies approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The sampled data elements varied, including payments, medical claims, and tax returns. The age of the data used to develop fiscal year 2017 improper payment estimates also varied, ranging from calendar year 2013 to fiscal year 2017. Identification of improper payments. Some of the six agencies reported using processes designed specifically to estimate improper payments, whereas others reported leveraging existing reviews. These agencies' policies and procedures include a review of aspects of eligibility, except for those related to the Department of Defense's (DOD) Military Pay and the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) Retirement overpayments. DOD and OPM have not fully assessed whether their estimation processes effectively consider key program risks. OMB guidance does not specifically address how agencies are to test to identify improper payments, such as using a risk-based approach to help ensure that key risks of improper payments are addressed. The six agencies also varied in the treatment of insufficient documentation, both in identifying and in reporting the root causes of improper payments. For the agencies that contact entities outside the agency to estimate improper payments, the treatment of nonresponse differed, with one agency including nonresponses as improper payments and another generally excluding the nonresponse cases from review. Although OMB guidance states that agencies should treat cases of insufficient documentation as improper payments, it does not specifically address the treatment of nonresponse cases. Calculation of the improper payment estimate. The six agencies generally reported using law and OMB guidance to calculate improper payment estimates for the selected programs, except for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) removed overpayments that were recovered when developing its estimate. OMB guidance requires agencies to include recovered amounts in their estimates. Removing these overpayments understates the EITC improper payment estimate and may limit IRS's ability to develop corrective actions to prevent improper payments. GAO recommends that OMB develop guidance on treatment of nonresponse cases and testing to identify improper payments, that DOD and OPM assess their estimation processes, and that IRS revise its methodology to not exclude recovered payments from its estimate. All of the agencies either agreed or partially agreed with the specific recommendations to them. GAO believes that the actions are warranted, as discussed in the report."], "length": 28321, "E2E_time": 4.217127963900566, "context_token": 5078}
{"pred": " The report examines the implementation and effectiveness of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) within the U.S. Coast Guard. It highlights challenges such as unreliable data collection, lack of updated policies, and difficulties in ensuring participation, particularly for servicemembers in remote locations. The report also identifies the need for better monitoring, clearer roles for commanders, and improved data sharing with interagency partners. Recommendations include updating policies, establishing performance goals, enhancing monitoring capabilities, and improving data reliability and sharing.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the implementation and effectiveness of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) within the U.S. Coast Guard, identifying several key challenges and areas for improvement. The Coast Guard faces difficulties in reliably tracking TAP participation due to outdated policies and an insufficient data collection system. Servicemembers in remote locations often struggle to attend TAP classes, and the reliance on online delivery, while necessary, has limitations in providing an interactive learning experience. Additionally, the lack of a formal Commandant Instruction leaves roles and responsibilities for TAP implementation unclear, affecting compliance and accountability.\n\nThe report highlights the need for better monitoring of TAP participation, including the timeliness of participation and access to additional 2-day classes. It also emphasizes the importance of defining clear roles for commanders and improving data sharing with interagency partners to enhance program evaluation and effectiveness. Key recommendations include updating the Commandant Instruction to improve data reliability, establishing formal performance goals, expanding monitoring efforts, and enhancing data sharing to ensure all eligible Coast Guard servicemembers receive the support they need for a successful transition to civilian life.", "answers": ["Thousands of Coast Guard servicemembers have left the military and transitioned into civilian life, and some of these new veterans may face significant challenges, such as finding and maintaining employment. To help them prepare, federal law mandated that DHS provide separating Coast Guard servicemembers with counseling, employment assistance, and information on veterans' benefits through TAP. GAO was asked to examine TAP implementation. This review analyzes (1) the reliability of TAP data on participation levels for Coast Guard servicemembers and the factors that affect participation, and (2) the Coast Guard's performance measures and monitoring efforts related to TAP. GAO interviewed Coast Guard headquarters staff; surveyed 12 Coast Guard installations that conduct TAP (100 percent response rate); collected and reviewed participation data for reliability; and interviewed TAP managers from three installations selected for size and location, and 25 Coast Guard servicemembers at one location. (For a companion report on TAP implementation for separating and retiring servicemembers in other military services, see GAO-18-23 .) The United States Coast Guard (Coast Guard), which is overseen by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), lacks complete or reliable data on participation in the Transition Assistance Program (TAP), designed to assist servicemembers returning to civilian life. According to senior Coast Guard officials, a major reason why data are not reliable is the lack of an up-to-date Commandant Instruction that specifies when to record TAP participation data. Consequently, the data are updated on an ad-hoc basis and may not be timely or complete, according to officials. Federal internal control standards call for management to use quality information to achieve the entity's objectives. Until the Coast Guard issues an up-to-date Commandant Instruction that establishes policies and procedures to improve the reliability and completeness of TAP data, it will lack quality information to gauge the extent to which it is meeting TAP participation requirements in the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011. According to GAO's survey of Coast Guard installations, various factors affected participation, such as servicemembers serving at geographically remote locations or separating from the Coast Guard rapidly. TAP officials and Coast Guard servicemembers GAO interviewed said commanders and direct supervisors sometimes pulled servicemembers out of TAP class or postponed participation because of mission priorities. TAP managers also said they rely on delivering TAP online because many Coast Guard servicemembers are stationed remotely. The Coast Guard cannot effectively measure performance to ensure key TAP requirements are met because it lacks reliable data and does not monitor compliance with several TAP requirements. Further, the Coast Guard has not established a formal performance goal against which it can measure progress, although federal internal control standards stipulate that management should consider external requirements—such as the laws with which the entity is required to comply—to clearly define objectives in specific and measurable terms. Establishing a goal could help the Coast Guard define expected performance. In addition, the Coast Guard does not monitor TAP requirements regarding the timeliness of servicemembers' TAP participation or their access to additional 2-day classes. Consequently, it cannot know whether servicemembers are starting TAP early enough to complete the program or those who elected to attend additional 2-day classes were able to do so before separation or retirement, as required by the Act. Finally, the Coast Guard lacks an up-to-date Commandant Instruction that establishes the roles and responsibilities of Coast Guard staff in implementing TAP. Federal internal control standards stipulate that management should assign responsibility and delegate authority to key roles throughout the entity. Issuing an up-to-date Commandant Instruction that defines roles and responsibilities would clarify who is ultimately responsible for ensuring Coast Guard servicemembers attend TAP, thereby facilitating accountability. GAO is making seven recommendations, including that the Coast Guard issue a new Commandant Instruction establishing data collection policies, set TAP performance goals, monitor timeliness and access, and define roles and responsibilities. DHS agreed with all of GAO's recommendations."], "length": 38418, "E2E_time": 6.221896579023451, "context_token": 7336}
{"pred": " The report discusses the health effects of radiation exposure, particularly focusing on low-dose radiation. It explains that higher radiation doses lead to more immediate and severe effects, while low-dose effects are harder to detect. Federal agencies rely on the linear no-threshold model, which assumes cancer risk increases with any radiation exposure. Despite challenges in extrapolating data from acute to chronic exposures, agencies continue to use this model. The report also highlights funding trends for low-dose radiation research, noting a significant decrease in federal funding from 2012 to 2016. It recommends interagency collaboration to address research priorities, though DOE did not agree with the recommendation, citing existing mandates and advisory body guidance.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the health impacts of radiation exposure, emphasizing low-dose effects. Higher doses cause immediate and severe health issues, including acute radiation syndrome, while low-dose effects are less evident. Federal agencies, such as EPA, NRC, DOE, and FDA, use the linear no-threshold model, which posits that cancer risk rises with any radiation exposure. Despite challenges in applying data from acute exposures to chronic low-dose scenarios, agencies continue to follow this model. The report also discusses a decline in federal funding for low-dose radiation research from 2012 to 2016, with DOE and NIH contributing most of the funds. It recommends interagency collaboration to address research priorities, though DOE disagreed, citing existing mandates and advisory guidance.", "answers": ["This testimony summarizes the information contained in GAO's September 2017 report, entitled Low-Dose Radiation: Interagency Collaboration on Planning Research Could Improve Information on Health Effects ( GAO-17-546 ). The Department of Energy (DOE), Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and Food and Drug Administration generally used the advice of scientific advisory bodies to develop and apply radiation protection requirements and guidance for workers and the public in the radiation exposure settings that GAO reviewed. These settings were: (1) the operation and decommissioning of nuclear power plants; (2) the cleanup of sites with radiological contamination; (3) the use of medical equipment that produces radiation; and (4) accidental or terrorism-related exposure to radiation. Specifically, the agencies relied on the advice of three scientific advisory bodies that supported the use of a model that assumes the risk of cancer increases with every incremental radiation exposure. Accordingly, the agencies have set regulatory dose limits and issued guidance to confine exposure to levels that reduce the risk of cancer, while recognizing that scientific uncertainties occur in estimating cancer risks from low-dose radiation. For example, NRC requires nuclear power plants to consider measures for limiting workers' exposure below NRC's regulatory dose limit, such as by using robots for maintenance work in radiation areas. GAO identified seven federal agencies that funded research on low-dose radiation's health effects. In fiscal years 2012 to 2016, DOE, NRC, EPA, and four other federal agencies obligated about $210 million for such research . Although the agencies have collaborated on individual projects on radiation's health effects, they have not established a collaborative mechanism to set research priorities. GAO's previous work has shown that federal agencies can use such mechanisms to implement interagency collaboration to develop and coordinate sound science policies. In the past, DOE took a leading role in this area because DOE provided stable funding and advocated for greater coordination on research on low-dose radiation's health effects. However, since fiscal year 2012, DOE has phased out funding for one of its main research programs in this area. This has created a void in coordination efforts among federal agencies, and no other agency has stepped forward to fill this void. Because of DOE's prior experience as a leader in this area of research and its research responsibility under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, it could play an important role in helping federal agencies establish a coordinating mechanism for low-dose radiation research. Dollars are in millions and have not been adjusted for inflation Source: GAO analysis of agency data. | GAO-17-546"], "length": 14054, "E2E_time": 4.692783617880195, "context_token": 2675}
{"pred": " The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) of 1977 was enacted to ensure that federally insured banking institutions provide adequate credit and financial services to the communities in which they operate, particularly low- and moderate-income (LMI) areas. The CRA mandates that federal banking regulators assess banks' performance in meeting local credit needs through three tests: lending, investment, and service. Banks receive CRA credits for qualifying activities, such as mortgage lending, community investments, and low-cost services, which are then used to determine their performance ratings. The CRA aims to prevent redlining and promote equitable access to credit. However, its effectiveness has been debated, with concerns about weak enforcement and potential encouragement of high-risk lending. Recent discussions have focused on modernizing the CRA to address technological advancements and better align with current banking practices.\n</think>\n\nThe Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) of 1977 was established to ensure that federally insured banks provide sufficient credit and services to the communities where they operate, especially in low- and moderate-income (LMI) areas. The CRA requires federal regulators to evaluate banks' performance through three tests: lending, investment, and service. Banks earn CRA credits for activities like mortgage lending, community investments, and low-cost services, which contribute to their performance ratings. The CRA aims to prevent redlining and promote equitable credit access. However, its effectiveness is debated, with concerns about weak enforcement and potential encouragement of high-risk lending. Recent discussions focus on modernizing the CRA to adapt to technological changes and current banking practices.", "answers": ["The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA; P.L. 95-128, 12 U.S.C. §§2901-2908) addresses how banking institutions meet the credit needs of the areas they serve, particularly in low- and moderate-income (LMI) neighborhoods. The federal banking regulatory agencies—the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)—currently implement the CRA. The regulators issue CRA credits, or points, where banks engage in qualifying activities—such as mortgage, consumer, and business lending; community investments; and low-cost services that would benefit LMI areas and entities—that occur with a designated assessment area. These credits are then used to issue each bank a performance rating. The CRA requires these ratings be taken into account when banks apply for charters, branches, mergers, and acquisitions among other things. The CRA, which was enacted in 1977, was subsequently revised in 1989 to require public disclosure of bank CRA ratings to establish a four-tiered system of descriptive performance levels (i.e., Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, or Substantial Noncompliance). In 1995, the CRA examination was customized to account for differences in bank sizes and business models. In 2005, the bank size definitions were revised and indexed to the Consumer Price Index. The 2005 amendments also expanded opportunities for banks to earn CRA credit for public welfare investments (such as providing housing, services, or jobs that primarily benefit LMI individuals). Qualifying activities under the CRA have evolved to include consumer and business lending, community investments, and low-cost services that would benefit LMI areas and entities. Congressional interest in the CRA stems from various perceptions of its effectiveness. Some have argued that, by encouraging lending in LMI neighborhoods, the CRA may also encourage the issuance of higher-risk loans to borrowers likely to have repayment problems (under the presumption that low-income is correlated with lower creditworthiness), which can translate into losses for lenders. Others are concerned that the CRA is not generating sufficient incentives to increase credit availability to qualified LMI borrowers, which may impede economic recovery for some, particularly following the 2007-2009 recession. This report informs the congressional debate concerning the CRA's effectiveness in incentivizing bank lending and investment activity to LMI borrowers. After a discussion of the CRA's origins, it presents the CRA's examination process and bank activities that are eligible for consideration of CRA credits. Next, it discusses the difficulty of determining the CRA's influence on bank behavior. For example, the CRA does not specify the quality and quantity of CRA-qualifying activities, meaning that compliance with the CRA does not require adherence to lending quotas or benchmarks. In the absence of benchmarks, determining the extent to which CRA incentives have influenced LMI credit availability relative to other factors is not straightforward. Banks also face a variety of financial incentives—for example, capital requirements, the prevailing interest rate environment, changes in tax laws, and technological innovations—that influence how much (or how little) they lend to LMI borrowers. Because multiple financial profit incentives and CRA incentives tend to exist simultaneously, it is difficult to determine the extent to which CRA incentives have influenced LMI credit availability relative to other factors."], "length": 48146, "E2E_time": 6.626713472884148, "context_token": 8903}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) handling of employee misconduct, focusing on data collection, documentation, accountability, whistle-blower protections, and potential retaliation. Key findings include fragmented and unreliable data systems, inconsistent adherence to policies, lack of oversight, and concerns about whistle-blower retaliation. The report recommends improvements in data collection, documentation, accountability measures, and whistle-blower protections to enhance transparency and accountability within VA.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) management of employee misconduct, highlighting issues in data collection, documentation, accountability, whistle-blower protections, and potential retaliation. Key findings include fragmented and unreliable data systems, inconsistent policy adherence, insufficient oversight, and whistle-blower retaliation concerns. Recommendations aim to improve data collection, documentation, accountability, and whistle-blower protections to enhance transparency and accountability within VA.", "answers": ["VA provides services and benefits to veterans through hospitals and other facilities nationwide. Misconduct by VA employees can have serious consequences for some veterans, including poor quality of care. GAO was asked to review employee misconduct across VA. This report reviews the extent to which VA (1) collects reliable information associated with employee misconduct and disciplinary actions, (2) adheres to documentation-retention procedures when adjudicating cases of employee misconduct, (3) ensures allegations of misconduct involving senior officials are reviewed according to VA investigative standards and these officials are held accountable, and (4) has procedures to investigate whistle-blower allegations of misconduct; and the extent to which (5) data and whistle-blower testimony indicate whether retaliation for disclosing misconduct occurs at VA. GAO analyzed 12 information systems across VA to assess the reliability of misconduct data, examined a stratified random sample of 544 misconduct cases from 2009 through 2015, analyzed data and reviewed cases pertaining to senior officials involved in misconduct, reviewed procedures pertaining to whistle-blower investigations, and examined a nongeneralizable sample of whistle-blower disclosures from 2010 to 2014. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) collects data related to employee misconduct and disciplinary actions, but fragmentation and data-reliability issues impede department-wide analysis of those data. VA maintains six information systems that include partial data related to employee misconduct. For example, VA's Personnel and Accounting Integrated Data system collects information on disciplinary actions that affect employee leave and pay, but the system does not collect information on other types of disciplinary actions. The system also does not collect information such as the offense or date of occurrence. GAO also identified six other information systems that various VA administrations and program offices use to collect specific information regarding their respective employees' misconduct and disciplinary actions. GAO's analysis of all 12 information systems found data-reliability issues—such as missing data, lack of identifiers, and lack of standardization among fields. Without collecting reliable misconduct and disciplinary action data on all cases department-wide, VA's reporting and decision making on misconduct are impaired. VA inconsistently adhered to its guidance for documentation retention when adjudicating misconduct allegations, based on GAO's review of a generalizable sample of 544 out of 23,622 misconduct case files associated with employee disciplinary actions affecting employee pay. GAO estimates that VA would not be able to account for approximately 1,800 case files. Further, GAO estimates that approximately 3,600 of the files did not contain required documentation that employees were adequately informed of their rights during adjudication procedures—such as their entitlement to be represented by an attorney. The absence of files and associated documentation suggests that individuals may not have always received fair and reasonable due process as allegations of misconduct were adjudicated. Nevertheless, VA's Office of Human Resource Management does not regularly assess the extent to which files and documentation are retained consistently with applicable requirements. VA did not consistently ensure that allegations of misconduct involving senior officials were reviewed according to investigative standards and these officials were held accountable. For example, based on a review of 23 cases of alleged misconduct by senior officials that the VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) referred to VA facility and program offices for additional investigation, GAO found VA frequently did not include sufficient documentation for its findings, or provide a timely response to the OIG. In addition, VA was unable to produce any documentation used to close 2 cases. Further, OIG policy does not require the OIG to verify the completeness of investigations, which would help ensure that facility and program offices had met the requirements for investigating allegations of misconduct. Regarding senior officials, VA did not always take necessary measures to ensure they were held accountable for substantiated misconduct. As the figure below shows, GAO found that the disciplinary action proposed was not taken for 5 of 17 senior officials with substantiated misconduct. As a result of June 2017 legislation, a new office within VA—the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection—will be responsible for receiving and investigating allegations of misconduct involving senior officials. VA has procedures for investigating whistle-blower complaints, but the procedures allow the program office or facility where a whistle-blower has reported misconduct to conduct the investigation. According to the OIG, it has the option of investigating allegations of misconduct, or exercising a “right of first refusal” whereby it refers allegations of misconduct to the VA facility or program office where the allegation originated. VA does not have oversight measures to ensure that all referred allegations of misconduct are investigated by an entity outside the control of the facility or program office involved in the misconduct, to ensure independence. As a result, GAO found instances where managers investigated themselves for misconduct, presenting a conflict of interest. Data and whistle-blower testimony indicate that retaliation may have occurred at VA. As the table below shows, individuals who filed a disclosure of misconduct with the Office of Special Counsel (OSC) received disciplinary action at a much higher rate than the peer average for the rest of VA in fiscal years 2010–2014. Additionally, GAO's interviews with six VA whistle-blowers who claim to have been retaliated against provided anecdotal evidence that retaliation may be occurring. These whistle-blowers alleged that managers in their chain of command took several untraceable actions to retaliate against the whistle-blowers, such as being denied access to computer equipment necessary to complete assignments. GAO makes numerous recommendations to VA to help enhance its ability to address misconduct issues (several of the recommendations are detailed on the following page). GAO recommends, among other things, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs develop and implement guidance to collect complete and reliable misconduct and disciplinary-action data department-wide; such guidance should include direction and procedures on addressing blank fields, lack of personnel identifiers, and standardization among fields; direct applicable facility and program offices to adhere to VA's policies regarding misconduct adjudication documentation; direct the Office of Human Resource Management to routinely assess the extent to which misconduct-related files and documents are retained consistently with applicable requirements; direct the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection (OAWP) to review responses submitted by facility or program offices to ensure evidence produced in senior-official case referrals demonstrates that the required elements have been addressed; direct OAWP to issue written guidance on how OAWP will verify whether appropriate disciplinary action has been implemented; and develop procedures to ensure (1) whistle-blower investigations are reviewed by an official independent of and at least one level above the individual involved in the allegation, and (2) VA employees who report wrongdoing are treated fairly and protected against retaliation. GAO also recommends, among other things, that the VA OIG revise its policy and require verification of evidence produced in senior-official case referrals. VA concurred with nine recommendations and partially concurred with five. In response, GAO modified three of the recommendations. The VA OIG concurred with one recommendation and partially concurred with the other. GAO continues to believe that both are warranted."], "length": 147287, "E2E_time": 10.901196106802672, "context_token": 27585}
{"pred": " The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency established by the Communications Act of 1934, tasked with regulating communications in the United States. The report details the FCC's structure, including its five commissioners, its various bureaus and offices, and its strategic goals. It also covers the FCC's budget, regulatory fees, and recent changes in leadership and policies, particularly regarding net neutrality. The FCC's mission is to ensure accessible and affordable communication services nationwide, with a focus on innovation, consumer protection, and public safety. The report highlights the impact of leadership changes on the FCC's regulatory approach, emphasizing the shift from a more regulatory to a market-driven philosophy under current leadership.\n</think>\n\nThe Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency established by the Communications Act of 1934, tasked with regulating communications in the United States. The report details the FCC's structure, including its five commissioners, its various bureaus and offices, and its strategic goals. It also covers the FCC's budget, regulatory fees, and recent changes in leadership and policies, particularly regarding net neutrality. The FCC's mission is to ensure accessible and affordable communication services nationwide, with a focus on innovation, consumer protection, and public safety. The report highlights the impact of leadership changes on the FCC's regulatory approach, emphasizing the shift from a more regulatory to a market-driven philosophy under current leadership.", "answers": ["The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent federal agency established by the Communications Act of 1934 (1934 Act, or \"Communications Act\"). The agency is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable. The mission of the FCC is to make available for all people of the United States, \"without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, or sex, a rapid, efficient, Nationwide, and worldwide wire and radio communication service with adequate facilities at reasonable charges.\" The FCC operates under a public interest mandate first laid out in the 1927 Radio Act (P.L. 632, 69th Congress), but how this mandate is applied depends on how \"the public interest\" is interpreted. Some regulators seek to protect and benefit the public at large through regulation, while others seek to achieve the same goals through the promotion of market efficiency. Additionally, Congress granted the FCC wide latitude and flexibility to revise its interpretation of the public interest standard to reflect changing circumstances and the agency has not defined it in more concrete terms. These circumstances, paired with changes in FCC leadership, have led to significant changes over time in how the FCC regulates the broadcast and telecommunications industries. The FCC is directed by five commissioners appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate for five-year terms. The President designates one of the commissioners as chairperson. Three commissioners may be members of the same political party of the President and none can have a financial interest in any commission-related business. The current commissioners are Ajit Pai (Chair), Michael O'Rielly, Brendan Carr, Jessica Rosenworcel, and Geoffrey Starks. The day-to-day functions of the FCC are carried out by 7 bureaus and 10 offices. The current basic structure of the FCC was established in 2002 as part of the agency's effort to better reflect the industries it regulates. The seventh bureau, the Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, was established in 2006. The bureaus process applications for licenses and other filings, manage non-federal spectrum, analyze complaints, conduct investigations, develop and implement regulatory programs, and participate in hearings, among other things. The offices provide support services. Bureaus and offices often collaborate when addressing FCC issues. Beginning in the 110th Congress, the FCC has been funded through the House and Senate Financial Services and General Government (FSGG) appropriations bill as a single line item. Previously, it was funded through what is now the Commerce, Justice, Science appropriations bill, also as a single line item. Since 2009 the FCC's budget has been derived from regulatory fees collected by the agency rather than through a direct appropriation. The fees, often referred to as \"Section (9) fees,\" are collected from license holders and certain other entities. The FCC is authorized to review the regulatory fees each year and adjust them to reflect changes in its appropriation from year to year. Most years, appropriations language prohibits the use by the commission of any excess collections received in the current fiscal year or any prior years. For FY2020, the FCC has requested $335,660,000 in budget authority from regulatory fee offsetting collections. The FCC also requested $132,538,680 in budget authority for the spectrum auctions program."], "length": 23151, "E2E_time": 4.997350561898202, "context_token": 4630}
{"pred": " The report discusses the historical development and legal framework surrounding the President's emergency powers in the United States. It traces the evolution from the early use of such powers during the Revolutionary War and the presidency of George Washington to the more formalized system established by the National Emergencies Act of 1976. The report highlights key events, such as President Lincoln's actions during the Civil War and the establishment of standby emergency authorities during World War I. It also examines the role of Congress in regulating these powers and the tension between executive discretion and legislative oversight. The report concludes by noting the ongoing need for reform and the importance of maintaining a balance between effective crisis management and constitutional constraints.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the historical and legal framework of the President's emergency powers in the United States, from their origins during the Revolutionary War to the formalized system established by the National Emergencies Act of 1976. It highlights key developments, such as President Lincoln's expansive use of emergency powers during the Civil War and the introduction of standby emergency authorities during World War I. The report also explores the tension between executive discretion and congressional oversight, noting how Congress has sought to regulate these powers over time. It underscores the importance of balancing effective crisis management with constitutional constraints and suggests the need for ongoing reform to address contemporary challenges.", "answers": ["The President of the United States has available certain powers that may be exercised in the event that the nation is threatened by crisis, exigency, or emergency circumstances (other than natural disasters, war, or near-war situations). Such powers may be stated explicitly or implied by the Constitution, assumed by the Chief Executive to be permissible constitutionally, or inferred from or specified by statute. Through legislation, Congress has made a great many delegations of authority in this regard over the past 230 years. There are, however, limits and restraints upon the President in his exercise of emergency powers. With the exception of the habeas corpus clause, the Constitution makes no allowance for the suspension of any of its provisions during a national emergency. Disputes over the constitutionality or legality of the exercise of emergency powers are judicially reviewable. Both the judiciary and Congress, as co-equal branches, can restrain the executive regarding emergency powers. So can public opinion. Since 1976, the President has been subject to certain procedural formalities in utilizing some statutorily delegated emergency authority. The National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. §§1601-1651) eliminated or modified some statutory grants of emergency authority, required the President to formally declare the existence of a national emergency and to specify what statutory authority activated by the declaration would be used, and provided Congress a means to countermand the President's declaration and the activated authority being sought. The development of this regulatory statute and subsequent declarations of national emergency are reviewed in this report."], "length": 32674, "E2E_time": 5.198975656181574, "context_token": 6241}
{"pred": " The report discusses the United States Postal Service (USPS) competitive products, their growth, and the scanning processes used to track them. It highlights the importance of accurate scanning for USPS's competitiveness and customer satisfaction. The report also identifies issues with scanning accuracy and recommends adopting internal control standards and improving communication of scanning procedures.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the growth and scanning processes of the United States Postal Service (USPS) competitive products, emphasizing their role in USPS's competitiveness and customer satisfaction. From 2008 to 2017, the volume of competitive products surged from 750 million to 4.9 billion pieces, contributing 28% of USPS's mail revenue. USPS attributes this growth to e-commerce and effective marketing, forecasting continued expansion, particularly in last-mile delivery. However, the report identifies challenges, including missed or inaccurate scans, which, despite a high overall scanning rate, can affect millions of items. USPS has implemented measures like GPS-enabled devices and real-time tracking to enhance accuracy but lacks consistent internal control standards. The report recommends adopting internal control standards, improving communication of scanning procedures, and creating guidelines for managers to address scanning issues. USPS partially agreed, committing to a cost study and corrective actions by November 2018.", "answers": ["USPS's competitive products have become increasingly important, comprising about 28 percent of USPS's total revenue. USPS scans these packages at various points throughout the postal network. When scans are inaccurate or missing, questions are raised about the veracity of USPS's data on scanning performance and can lead to customer complaints. GAO was asked to review USPS's scanning policies and procedures. In this report, GAO (1) describes USPS's scanning performance and (2) examines how USPS ensures accurate scanning. GAO reviewed USPS's policies and procedures and assessed them against internal control standards; interviewed officials from USPS and five high-volume mailers; and conducted site visits to six post offices in two USPS districts that represented a range of volume, number of routes, and performance. Mail products over which the United States Postal Service (USPS) does not exercise market dominance, such as many of its packages, are called competitive products. These items are scanned throughout the mail delivery system to track their progress (see figure). USPS data show that these products are almost always scanned. For example, USPS data showed that for the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018; all but one of USPS's 67 districts met their scanning goals. Additionally, mailers that account for a high volume of USPS's competitive products told GAO that they believed USPS was generally scanning products correctly. However, a small percentage of missed or inaccurate scans occur. For example, a report from one USPS district showed that for one week, 0.73 percent of the products delivered were missing a scan and that for the fiscal year to date almost 155,000 competitive products were missing a delivery scan. USPS has designed and implemented procedures and activities to help ensure accurate scanning, but some limitations could contribute to scanning errors. For example, USPS has not based its operational procedures for scanning on any internal control standards. USPS officials said the procedures were based on USPS's unique responsibilities, management experience, and sound business practices, but the officials could not identify specific standards or a framework that they followed as the basis for the procedures. USPS officials said they did not believe any internal controls standards applied to these procedures. By not basing procedures on standards, USPS may miss opportunities to improve how it achieves its mission to scan and measure the performance of competitive products. Additionally, USPS's scanning procedure documents, such as for outlining specific delivery scanning steps, are not always consistent, and USPS relies on more informal methods, such as meetings with employees to communicate changes. Thus, employees may not have accurate procedures available to them. Finally, USPS lacks procedures to help managers identify and address incorrect scans, address customer complaints or otherwise address scanning irregularities. For example, USPS's guidance for managers is limited to a list of bullet-points that do not detail the steps managers should follow to resolve scanning irregularities. In addition, this list has not been updated since 2005. Without consistent or detailed procedures, USPS's employees and managers may not scan items accurately or find information needed to resolve scanning issues—a situation that could hinder USPS's ability to reduce inaccurate or missing scans for these important mail products. GAO recommends that USPS: (1) identify and adopt internal control standards for its operational activities such as for scanning of competitive products; (2) improve the communication of procedures for scanning competitive products; and, (3) create procedures for supervisors on how to address inaccurate scans and resolve scanning issues. USPS agreed to explore addressing the first recommendation and agreed with the other two recommendations."], "length": 36321, "E2E_time": 5.173972602002323, "context_token": 6476}
{"pred": " The report discusses NASA's mission and its major space telescope projects, including WFIRST, TESS, and JWST. It highlights the challenges these projects face, such as cost overruns, schedule delays, and technical issues. The report also outlines steps NASA has taken to improve project management, such as enhancing cost and schedule reserves, updating risk assessments, and increasing contractor oversight. It emphasizes the importance of learning from past issues to ensure successful outcomes for future projects.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines NASA's mission to advance science, technology, and space exploration, focusing on its major space telescope projects: WFIRST, TESS, and JWST. These projects face challenges such as cost overruns, schedule delays, and technical issues. WFIRST is in the early stages with cost estimates between $3.2 billion and $3.8 billion, while TESS, with a cost of $337 million, is set to launch in March 2018. JWST, the most complex, has faced significant cost increases and delays, with a revised $8.835 billion estimate and a launch delay to October 2018. The report highlights NASA's efforts to improve project management, including enhancing cost and schedule reserves, updating risk assessments, and increasing contractor oversight. It underscores the importance of learning from past challenges to ensure successful outcomes for future projects.", "answers": ["Acquisition management has been a long-standing challenge at NASA, although GAO has reported on improvements the agency has made in recent years. Three space telescope projects are the key enablers for NASA to achieve its astrophysics' science goals, which include seeking to understand the universe. In its fiscal year 2018 budget request, NASA asked for about $697 million for these three projects, which represents over 50 percent of NASA's budget for its astrophysics' major projects. In total, these projects represent an expected investment of at least $12.4 billion. This statement reflects preliminary observations on (1) the current status and cost of NASA's major telescope projects and (2) lessons learned that can be applied to NASA's management of its telescope projects. This statement is based on ongoing work on JWST and ongoing work on the status of NASA's major projects. Both reports are planned to be published in Spring 2018. This statement is also based on past GAO reports on JWST and NASA's acquisitions of major projects, and NASA input. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) current portfolio of major space telescopes includes three projects that vary in cost, complexity, and phase of the acquisition life cycle. GAO's ongoing work indicates that these projects are each making progress in line with their phase of the acquisition cycle but also face some challenges. For example, the current launch date for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) project reflects a 57-60-month delay from the project's original schedule. GAO's preliminary observations indicate this project still has significant integration and testing to complete, with very little schedule reserve remaining to account for delays. Therefore, additional delays beyond the delay of up to 8 months recently announced are likely, and funding available under the $8 billion Congressional cost cap for formulation and development may be inadequate. There are a number of lessons learned from its acquisitions that NASA could consider to increase the likelihood of successful outcomes for its telescope projects, as well as for its larger portfolio of projects, such as its human spaceflight projects. For example, twice in the history of the JWST program, independent reviews found that the program was not holding adequate cost and schedule reserves. GAO has found that NASA has not applied this lesson learned to all of its large projects, and similar outcomes to JWST have started to emerge. For example, NASA did not incorporate this lesson with its human spaceflight programs. In July 2016 and April 2017, GAO found that these programs were holding inadequate levels of cost and schedule reserves to cover unexpected cost increases or delays. In April 2017, GAO recommended that NASA reassess the date of the programs' first test flight. NASA concurred and, in November 2017, announced a launch delay of up to 19 months. GAO is not making any recommendations in this statement, but has made recommendations in prior reports to strengthen NASA's acquisition management of its major projects. NASA has generally agreed with GAO's recommendations and taken steps to implement them."], "length": 26493, "E2E_time": 5.037779062986374, "context_token": 5054}
{"pred": " The Small Business Administration (SBA) operates the Surety Bond Guarantee Program to help small businesses access surety bonds, which are required for federal, state, and local government contracts. The program, established in 1971, guarantees up to 90% of the surety's loss if a small business fails to meet contract obligations. It has faced challenges, including fluctuating participation from surety companies and varying demand due to economic conditions. Recent legislative changes have increased bond limits and guarantee rates to encourage participation and support small businesses in securing contracts.\n</think>\n\nThe Small Business Administration (SBA) administers the Surety Bond Guarantee Program to assist small businesses in obtaining surety bonds required for federal, state, and local government contracts. Established in 1971, the program guarantees up to 90% of the surety's loss if a small business fails to meet contract obligations. It has faced challenges, including fluctuating participation from surety companies and varying demand due to economic conditions. Recent legislative changes, such as increased bond limits and higher guarantee rates, aim to encourage participation and support small businesses in securing contracts. The program plays a crucial role in helping small businesses, particularly minority and women-owned firms, compete for government contracts by reducing their financial risks.", "answers": ["The Small Business Administration's (SBA's) Surety Bond Guarantee Program is designed to increase small businesses' access to federal, state, and local government contracting, as well as private-sector contracts, by guaranteeing bid, performance, and payment bonds for small businesses that cannot obtain surety bonds through regular commercial channels. The program guarantees individual contracts of up to $6.5 million, and up to $10 million if a federal contracting officer certifies that such a guarantee is necessary. The SBA's guarantee currently ranges from 80% to 90% of the surety's loss if a default occurs. In FY2018, the SBA guaranteed 10,800 bid and final surety bonds with a total contract value of nearly $6.5 billion. A surety bond is a three-party instrument between a surety (who agrees to be responsible for the debt or obligation of another), a contractor, and a project owner. The agreement binds the contractor to comply with the contract's terms and conditions. If the contractor is unable to successfully perform the contract, the surety assumes the contractor's responsibilities and ensures that the project is completed. Surety bonds encourage project owners to contract with small businesses that may not have the credit history or prior experience of larger businesses and may be at greater risk of failing to comply with the contract's terms and conditions. Surety bonds are important to small businesses interested in competing for federal contracts because the federal government requires prime contractors—prior to the award of a federal contract exceeding $150,000 for the construction, alteration, or repair of any building or public work of the United States—to furnish a performance bond issued by a surety satisfactory to the contracting officer in an amount that the officer considers adequate to protect the government. P.L. 112-239, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, increased the program's bond limit to $6.5 million, or up to $10 million if a federal contracting officer certifies that such a guarantee is necessary. The limit had been $2 million since 2000, with a temporary increase from February 17, 2009, through September 30, 2010, to $5 million, and up to $10 million if a federal contracting officer certified in writing that such a guarantee was necessary. Advocates of raising the program's bond limit argued that doing so would increase contracting opportunities for small businesses and bring the limit more in line with limits of other small business programs, such as the 8(a) Minority Small Business and Capital Ownership Development Program and the Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Program. Opponents argued that raising the limit could lead to higher amounts being guaranteed by the SBA and, as a result, increase the risk of program losses. This report examines the program's origin and development, including (1) the decision to supplement the original Prior Approval Program with the Preferred Surety Bond Guarantee Program that initially provided a lower guarantee rate (not to exceed 70%) than the Prior Approval Program (not to exceed 80% or 90%, depending on the size of the contract and the type of small business) in exchange for allowing preferred sureties to issue SBA-guaranteed surety bonds without the SBA's prior approval; (2) P.L. 114-92, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, which increased the Preferred Surety Bond Guarantee Program's guarantee rate from not to exceed 70% to not to exceed 90% of losses; and (3) the decision to increase the program's bond limit."], "length": 56655, "E2E_time": 6.748591741081327, "context_token": 11819}
{"pred": " The report examines compliance with the Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA) of 1995, focusing on lobbyists' adherence to registration, reporting, and documentation requirements. It highlights the processes for filing quarterly reports (LD-2) and semiannual political contribution reports (LD-203), as well as the enforcement mechanisms in place. The analysis reveals varying levels of compliance, with some areas showing improvement while others, like rounding income and expenses, remain problematic. The U.S. Attorney’s Office (USAO) plays a key role in enforcing the LDA, though challenges persist in locating noncompliant lobbyists and firms. The report also notes that most lobbyists find the disclosure requirements manageable, but some face difficulties understanding specific terms and rules.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates compliance with the Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA) of 1995, focusing on lobbyists' adherence to registration, reporting, and documentation requirements. It examines the processes for filing quarterly reports (LD-2) and semiannual political contribution reports (LD-203), as well as enforcement mechanisms. Key findings include varying levels of compliance, with some improvements noted, particularly in documentation for income and expenses, while challenges remain, such as rounding inaccuracies. The U.S. Attorney’s Office (USAO) enforces the LDA, though difficulties in locating noncompliant lobbyists and firms persist. Most lobbyists find the requirements manageable, but some struggle with understanding specific terms and rules.", "answers": ["The LDA, as amended, requires lobbyists to file quarterly disclosure reports and semiannual reports on certain political contributions. The law also includes a provision for GAO to annually audit lobbyists' compliance with the LDA. GAO's objectives were to (1) determine the extent to which lobbyists can demonstrate compliance with disclosure requirements, (2) identify challenges to compliance that lobbyists report, and (3) describe the resources and authorities available to USAO in its role in enforcing LDA compliance, and the efforts USAO has made to improve enforcement. This is GAO's 11th report under the provision. GAO reviewed a stratified random sample of 98 quarterly disclosure LD-2 reports filed for the third and fourth quarters of calendar year 2016 and the first and second quarters of calendar year 2017. GAO also reviewed two random samples totaling 160 LD-203 reports from year-end 2016 and midyear 2017. This methodology allowed GAO to generalize to the population of 45,818 disclosure reports with $5,000 or more in lobbying activity, and 30,594 reports of federal political campaign contributions. GAO also met with officials from USAO to obtain status updates on its efforts to focus resources on lobbyists who fail to comply. GAO is not making any recommendations in this report. GAO provided a draft of this report to the Department of Justice for review and comment. The Department of Justice provided technical comments, which GAO incorporated as appropriate. For the 2017 reporting period, most lobbyists provided documentation for key elements of their disclosure reports to demonstrate compliance with the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995, as amended (LDA). For lobbying disclosure (LD-2) reports and political contributions (LD-203) reports filed during the third and fourth quarter of 2016 and the first and second quarter of 2017, GAO estimates that 87 percent of lobbyists filed reports as required for the quarter in which they first registered; the figure below describes the filing process and enforcement; 99 percent of all lobbyists who filed (up from 83 percent in 2016) could provide documentation for income and expenses; and 93 percent filed year-end 2016 LD-203 reports as required. These findings are generally consistent with prior reports GAO issued for the 2010 through 2016 reporting periods. However, in recent years GAO's findings showed some variation in the estimated percentage of reports with supporting documentation. For example, an estimated increase in lobbyists who could document expenses is notable in 2017 and represents a statistically significant increase from 2016. As in GAO's other reports, some lobbyists were still unclear about the need to disclose certain previously held covered positions, such as paid congressional internships or certain executive agency positions. GAO estimates that 15 percent of all LD-2 reports may not have properly disclosed previously held covered positions. On the other hand, over the past several years of reporting on lobbying disclosure, GAO found that most lobbyists in the sample rated the terms associated with LD-2 reporting as “very easy” or “somewhat easy” to understand. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia (USAO) stated it has sufficient resources and authority to enforce compliance with the LDA. USAO continued its efforts to bring lobbyists into compliance by reminding them to file reports or by applying civil penalties."], "length": 40235, "E2E_time": 6.223491511773318, "context_token": 8315}
{"pred": " The Small Business Administration (SBA) operates several programs to support small businesses, including loan guaranty, venture capital, contracting, disaster recovery, and training. Congressional interest in these programs has grown due to their role in economic stimulation and job creation. The report examines SBA appropriations from FY2000 to FY2019, highlighting significant variations in funding across three main categories: disaster assistance, business loan credit subsidies, and other programs. Disaster funding fluctuated due to major hurricanes, while loan credit subsidies were affected by economic conditions. Other programs saw increased funding, especially during the Great Recession. The report also details specific programs within the other category, such as training initiatives and veteran support, noting varying levels of funding and their alignment with inflation. Overall, SBA appropriations have been volatile, influenced by economic conditions and disaster needs.\n</think>\n\nThe Small Business Administration (SBA) administers various programs to support small businesses, including loan guaranty, venture capital, contracting, disaster recovery, and training initiatives. These programs aim to enhance access to capital, federal contracting opportunities, and business development resources. Congressional interest in the SBA has increased due to its role in stimulating economic activity and job creation.\n\nThe report examines SBA appropriations from FY2000 to FY2019, focusing on three main spending categories: disaster assistance, business loan credit subsidies, and other programs. Disaster assistance funding varied significantly, largely due to supplemental appropriations for major hurricanes like Katrina, Sandy, and Maria. Business loan credit subsidies were influenced by economic conditions, with higher appropriations during recessions when revenue from fees and collateral liquidation was insufficient to cover loan defaults. The \"other programs\" category, which includes salaries, training, and advocacy, saw increased funding, particularly during the Great Recession, to support small businesses.\n\nThe report also details specific programs within the \"other programs\" category, such as Small Business Development Centers, Women Business Centers, and veteran support initiatives. These programs received varying levels of funding, with some exceeding inflation while others did not. Overall, SBA appropriations have been volatile, reflecting economic conditions and disaster needs, with significant variations across program areas.", "answers": ["This report examines the Small Business Administration's (SBA's) appropriations (new budget authority, minus rescissions and sequestration) over time, focusing on developments and trends since FY2000. It also provides total available funding (which includes carryover from the prior fiscal year, carryover into the next fiscal year, account transfers, rescissions, and sequestration) and, for entrepreneurial development noncredit programs, actual and anticipated expenditures for comparative purposes. SBA appropriations, as a whole, have varied significantly from year to year since FY2000 and across all three of the agency's major spending categories: disaster assistance, business loan credit subsidies, and \"other programs,\" a category that includes salaries and expenses, business loan administration, the Office of Inspector General, the Office of Advocacy, and entrepreneurial development programs. Overall, the SBA's appropriations have ranged from a high of $2.359 billion in FY2018 to a low of $571.8 million in FY2007. Much of this volatility is due to significant variation in appropriations for disaster assistance, which ranged from a high of $1.7 billion in FY2006 to a low of $0 in FY2009. This variation can be attributed primarily to supplemental appropriations provided to address disaster needs arising from the impact of major hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, and more recently, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. The SBA's appropriations for business loan credit subsidies have also varied since FY2000, ranging from a high of $319.7 million in FY2013 ($337.3 million before sequestration and rescission) to a low of $1.3 million in FY2006 and FY2007. This variation is due to the impact of changing economic conditions on the SBA's guaranteed loan portfolios. During good economic times, revenue from SBA fees and collateral liquidation is typically sufficient to cover the costs of purchasing guaranteed loans that have defaulted. During and immediately following recessions, however, that revenue is typically insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing guaranteed loans that have defaulted. The SBA's appropriations for other programs, as a collective, have also varied since FY2000, ranging from a high of $1.6253 billion in FY2010 to a low of $455.6 million in FY2007. This variation is primarily due to congressional response to changing economic conditions. For example, Congress approved significant, temporary increases in appropriations for the SBA's other programs spending category in FY2009 and FY2010. Overall, since FY2000, appropriations for other programs have increased at a pace that exceeds inflation. This report provides appropriations for all five major components of the other programs spending category, including the SBA's entrepreneurial development programs. The SBA's appropriations for FY1954 through FY1999 are provided in the Appendix."], "length": 35050, "E2E_time": 7.900093007367104, "context_token": 7230}
{"pred": " The report examines the financial status and future projections of the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (Trust Fund), which provides benefits to coal miners and their dependents affected by black lung disease. It highlights the current benefits structure, funding mechanisms, and challenges faced by the Trust Fund. The report also explores various options to address the Trust Fund's financial sustainability, including adjusting coal taxes, forgiving debt, and other policy changes. The analysis is based on data from multiple government agencies and simulations of different scenarios to assess the impact of these options on the Trust Fund's financial health through 2050.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive analysis of the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (Trust Fund), which supports coal miners and their dependents affected by black lung disease. It outlines the benefits structure, including cash assistance and medical coverage, and details the funding mechanisms, primarily through coal taxes. The report highlights the Trust Fund's financial challenges, such as persistent deficits and growing debt, exacerbated by declining coal production and legislative changes. It also explores potential solutions, including adjusting coal tax rates, forgiving debt, and other policy measures, using simulations to project the Trust Fund's financial status through 2050. The analysis underscores the need for balanced approaches to ensure the Trust Fund's sustainability, considering the impacts on both the coal industry and taxpayers.", "answers": ["With revenue of about $450 million in fiscal year 2017, the Trust Fund paid about $184 million in benefits to more than 25,000 coal miners and eligible dependents. However, the Trust Fund also borrowed about $1.3 billion from the Treasury's general fund in fiscal year 2017 to cover its debt repayment expenditures. Adding to this financial challenge, the coal tax that supports the Trust Fund is scheduled to decrease by about 55 percent beginning in 2019. GAO was asked to review the financial positon of the Trust Fund and identify options to improve it. This report examines (1) factors that have challenged the financial position of the Trust Fund since its inception and (2) the extent to which Trust Fund debt may change through 2050, and selected options that could improve its future financial position. GAO reviewed Trust Fund financial data from fiscal years 1979 through 2017. GAO also interviewed officials from the Departments of Labor, Treasury, Health and Human Services (HHS) and representatives of coal industry and union groups. Using assumptions, such as the about 55 percent coal tax decrease and moderately declining coal production, GAO simulated the extent to which Trust Fund debt may change through 2050. GAO also simulated how selected options, such as forgiveness of debt, could improve finances. The options simulated are not intended to be exhaustive. Further, GAO is not endorsing any particular option or combination of options. GAO provided a draft of this report to DOL, Treasury, and HHS. The agencies provided technical comments, which were incorporated as appropriate. Multiple factors have challenged Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (Trust Fund) finances since it was established about 40 years ago. Its expenditures have consistently exceeded its revenues, interest payments have grown, and actions taken that were expected to improve Trust Fund finances did not completely address its debt. When necessary to make expenditures, the Trust Fund borrows with interest from the Department of the Treasury's (Treasury) general fund. Because Trust Fund expenditures have consistently exceeded revenue, it has borrowed almost every year since 1979, its first complete fiscal year, and as a result debt and interest payments increased. Legislative actions were taken over the years including (1) raising the rate of the coal tax that provides Trust Fund revenues and (2) forgiving debt. For example, the Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008 provided an appropriation toward Trust Fund debt forgiveness; about $6.5 billion was forgiven, according to Department of Labor (DOL) data (see figure). However, coal tax revenues were less than expected due, in part, to the 2008 recession and increased competition from other energy sources, according to DOL and Treasury officials. As a result, the Trust Fund continued to borrow from Treasury's general fund from fiscal years 2010 through 2017 to cover debt repayment expenditures. GAO's simulation suggests that Trust Fund borrowing will likely increase from fiscal years 2019 through 2050 due, in part, to the coal tax rate decrease of about 55 percent that will take effect in 2019 and declining coal production. The simulation estimates that Trust Fund borrowing may exceed $15 billion by 2050 (see figure). However, various options, such as adjusting the coal tax and forgiving interest or debt, could reduce future borrowing and improve the Trust Fund's financial position. For example, maintaining the current coal tax rates and forgiving debt of $2.4 billion could, under certain circumstances, balance the Trust Fund by 2050, whereby revenue would be sufficient to cover expenditures. However, a coal industry representative said that maintaining or increasing the coal tax would burden the coal industry, particularly at a time when coal production has been declining. Further, Treasury officials noted that the costs associated with forgiving Trust Fund interest or debt would be paid by taxpayers."], "length": 35990, "E2E_time": 5.612963723950088, "context_token": 7628}
{"pred": " The report examines how selected federal agencies manage and dispose of personal property, including challenges faced during space reduction efforts. It highlights the importance of proactive property management to optimize resource use and cost savings.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates how selected federal agencies handle and dispose of personal property, emphasizing the challenges encountered during space reduction initiatives. It underscores the significance of proactive property management to enhance resource utilization and achieve cost savings. The study highlights the need for agencies to systematically assess property for continued use, declaring items as excess when no longer needed, and efficiently dispose of them through GSA's established process. It also addresses the impact of space reduction efforts, such as the \"Freeze the Footprint\" and \"Reduce the Footprint\" initiatives, on property management and disposal. The report recommends that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) provide guidance to ensure agencies effectively manage their property, emphasizing the importance of identifying unneeded items and improving disposal processes to maximize the use of excess property and reduce costs.", "answers": ["The federal government owns billions of dollars of personal property—such as office furniture, scientific equipment, and industrial machinery. By law, each agency is required to follow GSA's disposal process so that an agency's unneeded property can be used by other agencies or certain non-federal entities. Since 2012, agencies have reduced their office and warehouse space due to government-wide initiatives, a reduction that in turn has required agencies to dispose of some affected personal property. GAO was asked to review how federal agencies identify and dispose of unneeded personal property. This report examines (1) how selected agencies assess whether personal property is needed and (2) how these agencies dispose of unneeded property and how, if at all, space reduction efforts have affected disposals. GAO reviewed federal statutes and regulations, and selected five agencies—EPA, Forest Service, GSA, HUD, and IRS—mainly based on space reduction results and goals. GAO reviewed these agencies' property disposal data for 2012 through 2016 and interviewed headquarters and field staff about their property management and disposal processes. The five agencies GAO reviewed—the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Forest Service, General Services Administration (GSA), Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), and Internal Revenue Service (IRS)—generally do not have policies or processes for identifying unneeded personal property, such as office furniture, on a proactive basis. Instead, officials from these agencies said they typically identified unneeded property as a result of a “triggering event,” such as an office space reduction. Executive agencies are required by law to continuously review property under their control to identify unneeded personal property and then dispose of it promptly. Without such policies or processes, agencies may not be routinely identifying unneeded property that could be used elsewhere, and efforts to maximize federal personal property use and minimize unnecessary storage costs may not be effective. GSA has issued regulations establishing a government-wide disposal process for unneeded personal property. However, according to GSA officials, the agency lacks the authority to promulgate regulations or formal guidance on management of in-use agency property, and there is no government-wide guidance to agencies on identifying unneeded personal property. Agencies are required to have internal control activities—such as policies and procedures—for reasonable assurance of efficient operations and minimal resource waste, and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) provides guidance to agencies on implementing such activities. Guidance from OMB that emphasizes agencies' internal control responsibilities could help ensure that agencies are proactively and regularly identifying property that is no longer needed. The selected agencies reported little difficulty in following GSA's personal property disposal process, reporting over 37,000 items as unneeded property in fiscal years 2012 through 2016. This property was disposed of through transfers to other agencies, donations to authorized recipients, sales, or discarding. When disposing of personal property from space reduction projects at locations GAO visited, agencies also reported using GSA's process (see figure). Overall, agencies said they have not experienced major challenges with disposing of personal property from space reduction efforts. This lack of challenges could be because projects are geographically dispersed and spread over several years. OMB should provide guidance to executive agencies on managing their personal property, emphasizing that agencies' policies or processes should reflect the requirement to continuously review and identify unneeded personal property. OMB did not comment on GAO's recommendation."], "length": 43402, "E2E_time": 4.7352919187396765, "context_token": 7854}
{"pred": " The U.S. government collaborates with inter-American organizations such as the OAS, PAHO, IICA, and PAIGH to advance its strategic goals in the Western Hemisphere. These organizations focus on democracy, human rights, security, development, health, agriculture, and regional issues. The U.S. provides funding through assessed and voluntary contributions, with agencies like State, USAID, HHS, and USDA managing these funds. The report highlights the alignment of these organizations' goals with U.S. priorities and the mechanisms in place to oversee fund usage. However, it also identifies gaps in monitoring provisions and documentation within some agencies, suggesting the need for corrective actions to ensure effective use of federal funds.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. government collaborates with inter-American organizations such as the OAS, PAHO, IICA, and PAIGH to advance its strategic goals in the Western Hemisphere. These organizations focus on democracy, human rights, security, development, health, agriculture, and regional issues. The U.S. provides funding through assessed and voluntary contributions, with agencies like State, USAID, HHS, and USDA managing these funds. The report highlights the alignment of these organizations' goals with U.S. priorities and the mechanisms in place to oversee fund usage. However, it also identifies gaps in monitoring provisions and documentation within some agencies, suggesting the need for corrective actions to ensure effective use of federal funds.", "answers": ["The United States is a member of the OAS, PAHO, IICA, and PAIGH, which promote democracy, health care, agricultural development, and scientific exchange. GAO was asked to review U.S. assistance to these four organizations. In this report, GAO (1) assesses the extent to which the organizations' strategic goals align with those of U.S. agencies; (2) examines how the organizations oversee the use of their funds and the extent to which U.S. agencies have supported those efforts; (3) assesses the extent to which U.S. agencies included key monitoring provisions as part of assistance agreements; and (4) assesses the extent to which U.S. agencies had documentation of monitoring activities, including those called for by these provisions. GAO analyzed documents and interviewed officials from State, USAID, HHS, USDA, and the organizations. GAO also analyzed a nongeneralizable sample of 12 of the 60 assistance agreements that were awarded by State, USAID, HHS, and USDA to OAS, PAHO, and IICA and were active during calendar years 2014 through 2016. For each agency, GAO selected three agreements with the lowest, median, and highest dollar value. GAO found that strategic goals of the Organization of American States (OAS), the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture (IICA), and the Pan-American Institute of Geography and History (PAIGH) are predominantly aligned with the strategic goals of the Department of State (State), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). For example, IICA's strategic goals of a productive agricultural sector, enhancing agricultural development, and food security are aligned with USDA's foreign assistance goals. State, USAID, HHS, and USDA fund activities in the form of assistance agreements (e.g., grants and cooperative agreements) with OAS, PAHO, and IICA, which in 2016 totaled $32 million. According to agency officials, the agencies employ mechanisms to ensure that these agreements align with U.S. strategic goals. OAS, PAHO, IICA, and PAIGH have established mechanisms for overseeing their use of funds, such as external auditors, internal audit boards, and anti-fraud and ethics policies. State and USDA have directly supported these mechanisms. For example, State engaged in the selection process for OAS's Inspector General. GAO's review of 12 selected assistance agreements found that USDA included no financial or performance monitoring provisions in one of its agreements and that State did not include two key monitoring provisions in one of its agreements, called for by applicable guidance. GAO found that the remaining 10 agreements it reviewed contained all key monitoring provisions and that State has since taken corrective action. GAO found that U.S. agencies did not have full documentation of 18 of the 42 monitoring activities required by the 12 assistance agreements GAO reviewed (see table). For example, USDA did not have full documentation, such as for financial reports, of any of its 10 required monitoring activities and USDA officials did not explain their lack of documentation. USAID officials explained that their lack of full documentation was due, in part, to grant officers not always following their document management policies. State and HHS have since taken corrective action. If an agency does not have full documentation of monitoring activities, it may lack information needed to make appropriate budgetary and programmatic decisions. GAO recommends that (1) USDA ensure inclusion of all monitoring provisions as part of agreements and (2) USAID and USDA ensure full documentation of monitoring activities. USDA and USAID concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 35119, "E2E_time": 5.521029007155448, "context_token": 6430}
{"pred": " The report discusses the shift in the counterfeit goods market from underground to e-commerce platforms, the challenges faced by law enforcement, and the efforts to combat counterfeiting. It highlights the increased sophistication of counterfeiters, the risks posed by counterfeit products, and the collaboration between government agencies and the private sector to address these issues.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the significant shift in the counterfeit goods market, moving from traditional underground or secondary markets to e-commerce platforms, corporate supply chains, and traditional retail stores. This transition has made it harder for consumers to identify counterfeit products, as counterfeiters now use sophisticated methods such as fake reviews, legitimate-looking websites, and pricing strategies to deceive buyers. The report highlights the increased volume, variety, and methods of shipment of counterfeit goods, with a significant proportion originating from China and Hong Kong and transported via express carriers and international mail.\n\nThe risks associated with counterfeit goods extend beyond intellectual property rights (IPR) infringement, including safety hazards, health risks, and environmental concerns. For instance, counterfeit electronics and cosmetics have been found to pose serious safety risks, while counterfeit consumer goods may contain harmful chemicals. The report also notes the challenges faced by law enforcement agencies like CBP and ICE, including the difficulty in distinguishing counterfeit goods, the broader range of products to screen, and the shift to smaller shipments to evade detection.\n\nEfforts to combat counterfeiting involve collaboration between government agencies, rights holders, and e-commerce platforms. These include IPR protection teams, data collection, and removal of counterfeit items. However, the report identifies key challenges, such as the lack of comprehensive evaluation of enforcement efforts by CBP and limited information sharing between law enforcement and the private sector. It recommends that CBP assess the effectiveness of its IPR enforcement and enhance information sharing with private entities to improve IPR protection.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the need for continued collaboration and innovation to address the evolving landscape of counterfeit goods and mitigate the associated risks.", "answers": ["This testimony summarizes the information contained in GAO's January 2018 report, entitled Intellectual Property: Agencies Can Improve Efforts to Address Risks Posed by Changing Counterfeits Market , ( GAO-18-216 ). Changes in the market for counterfeit goods entering the United States pose new challenges for consumers, the private sector, and U.S. agencies that enforce intellectual property rights (IPR). Specifically, growth in e-commerce has contributed to a shift in the sale of counterfeit goods in the United States, with consumers increasingly purchasing goods online and counterfeiters producing a wider variety of goods that may be sold on websites alongside authentic products. For example, 20 of 47 items GAO purchased from third-party sellers on popular consumer websites were counterfeit, according to testing by the products' rights holders (see table), highlighting potential risks to consumers. The changes in the market for counterfeit goods can also pose challenges to the private sector—for example, the challenge of distinguishing counterfeit from authentic goods listed for sale online—and complicate the enforcement efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). CBP and ICE engage in a number of activities to enhance IPR enforcement; however, while ICE has assessed some of its efforts, CBP has taken limited steps to do so. CBP's and ICE's IPR enforcement activities broadly include detecting imports of potentially IPR-infringing goods, conducting special operations at U.S. ports, engaging with international partners, and undertaking localized pilot programs or port-led initiatives. CBP and ICE have collected some performance data for each of the eight activities GAO reviewed, and ICE has taken some steps to understand the impact of its efforts. However, CBP has conducted limited evaluation of its efforts to enhance IPR enforcement. Consequently, CBP may lack information needed to ensure it is investing its resources in the most efficient and effective activities. CBP and ICE generally collaborate on IPR enforcement, but according to private sector representatives, restrictions on CBP's information sharing limit private sector enforcement efforts. GAO found that CBP and ICE have undertaken efforts that align with selected key practices for interagency collaboration, such as participating in developing a national IPR enforcement strategy and agreeing on roles and responsibilities. However, sharing additional information about seized items with rights-holding companies and e-commerce websites could improve enforcement, according to private sector representatives. CBP officials said they share information to the extent allowed under current regulations, but CBP has not completed an assessment of what, if any, additional information would be beneficial to share with private sector entities. Without such an assessment, CBP will not know if sharing additional information requires regulatory or legal changes."], "length": 15389, "E2E_time": 5.9421444539912045, "context_token": 2857}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) block grant, addressing frequently asked questions and offering state-level data. It explains the funding structure, which includes a basic block grant, a contingency fund, and state maintenance of effort (MOE) requirements. The report highlights key uses of TANF funds, such as basic assistance, child care, work-related activities, and refundable tax credits. It also discusses the caseload trends, work participation standards, and challenges faced by states in meeting these standards. The report underscores the importance of TANF in providing support to low-income families while noting the limitations in federal reporting and the impact of economic conditions on caseloads.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive overview of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) block grant, addressing common inquiries and presenting state-specific data. It outlines the funding mechanism, comprising a basic block grant of $16.5 billion, a contingency fund, and state maintenance of effort (MOE) requirements, which total $10.3 billion annually. The report details how TANF funds are utilized, including basic assistance for 1.2 million families, child care, work-related activities, and refundable tax credits. It also examines caseload trends, noting a decline from 5.1 million families in 1994 to 1.2 million in 2018, influenced by economic factors and policy changes. Additionally, the report discusses work participation standards, with states required to engage 50% of their caseload in work activities, and highlights challenges in meeting these standards, particularly during economic downturns. The report emphasizes TANF's role in supporting low-income families while acknowledging limitations in federal reporting and the impact of economic conditions on caseloads.", "answers": ["The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) block grant funds a wide range of benefits and services for low-income families with children. TANF was created in the 1996 welfare reform law (P.L. 104-193). This report responds to some frequently asked questions about TANF; it does not describe TANF rules (see, instead, CRS Report RL32748, The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) Block Grant: A Primer on TANF Financing and Federal Requirements, by Gene Falk). TANF Funding and Expenditures. TANF provides fixed funding for the 50 states, the District of Columbia, the territories, and American Indian tribes. The basic block grant totals $16.5 billion per year. States are also required in total to contribute, from their own funds, at least $10.3 billion annually under a maintenance-of-effort (MOE) requirement. Though TANF is best known for funding cash assistance payments for needy families with children, the block grant and MOE funds are used for a wide variety of benefits and activities. In FY2017, expenditures on basic assistance totaled $7.1 billion—23% of total federal TANF and MOE dollars. Basic assistance is often—but not exclusively—paid as cash. In addition to funding basic assistance, TANF also contributes funds for child care and services for children who have been, or are at risk of being, abused and neglected. Some states also count expenditures in prekindergarten programs toward the MOE requirement. The TANF Assistance Caseload. A total of 1.2 million families, composed of 3.1 million recipients, received TANF- or MOE-funded assistance in September 2018. The bulk of the \"recipients\" were children—2.3 million in that month. The assistance caseload is heterogeneous. The type of family once thought of as the \"typical\" assistance family—one with an unemployed adult recipient—accounted for 32% of all families on the rolls in FY2016. Additionally, 31% of cash assistance families had an employed adult, while 38% of all TANF families were \"child-only\" and had no adult recipient. Child-only families include those with disabled adults receiving Supplemental Security Income (SSI), adults who are nonparents (e.g., grandparents, aunts, uncles) caring for children, and families consisting of citizen children and ineligible noncitizen parents. Cash Assistance Benefits. TANF cash benefit amounts are set by states. In July 2017, the maximum monthly benefit for a family of three ranged from $1,021 in New Hampshire to $170 in Mississippi. Only New Hampshire (at 60% of the federal poverty guidelines) had a maximum TANF cash assistance amount for this sized family in excess of 50% of poverty-level income. Work Requirements. TANF's main federal work requirement is actually a performance measure that applies to the states. States determine the work rules that apply to individual recipients. TANF law requires states to engage 50% of all families and 90% of two-parent families with work-eligible individuals in work activities, though these standards can be reduced by \"credits.\" Therefore, the effective standards states face are often less than the 50% or 90% targets, and vary by state. In FY2017, states achieved, on average, an all-family participation rate of 53.0% and a two-parent rate of 69.5%. In FY2017, two jurisdictions did not meet the all-family participation standard: Nevada and Guam. This is a reduction from FY2012, when 16 states did not meet that standard. In FY2017, nine jurisdictions did not meet the two-parent standard. States that do not meet work standards are at risk of being penalized by a reduction in their block grant."], "length": 19049, "E2E_time": 6.127682436723262, "context_token": 4389}
{"pred": " The report examines the changes in Medicare payment rates for laboratory tests following the implementation of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA) in 2018. Prior to PAMA, payment rates were based on 1984-1985 rates adjusted for inflation, with 57 separate geographic fee schedules. PAMA introduced a single national fee schedule based on private-payer rates from 2016, using weighted median rates. The report highlights the challenges CMS faced in collecting complete data from applicable laboratories, which led to potential inaccuracies in setting Medicare rates. It also discusses the unbundling of payment rates for panel tests, which could significantly increase Medicare expenditures. The report concludes with recommendations for CMS to improve data collection, adjust payment-rate reductions, and reconsider bundled payment approaches.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the impact of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA) on Medicare payment rates for laboratory tests, implemented in 2018. Before PAMA, rates were based on 1984-1985 data adjusted for inflation, with 57 geographic fee schedules. PAMA introduced a single national fee schedule using private-payer rates from 2016, with weighted median rates. The report identifies challenges CMS faced, including incomplete data collection from laboratories, potentially leading to inaccurate Medicare rates. It also addresses the unbundling of panel test payments, which could increase Medicare costs. The report concludes with recommendations for CMS to enhance data collection, adjust payment reductions, and reconsider bundled payments to mitigate expenditure increases.", "answers": ["Medicare paid $7.1 billion for 433 million laboratory tests in 2017. These tests help health care providers prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases. PAMA included a provision for GAO to review CMS's implementation of new payment rates for these tests. This report addresses, among other objectives, (1) how CMS developed the new payment rates; (2) challenges CMS faced in setting accurate payment rates and what factors may have mitigated these challenges; and (3) the potential effect of the new payment rates on Medicare expenditures. GAO analyzed 2016 Medicare claims data (the most recent data available when GAO started its work and the year on which new payment rates were based) and private-payer data CMS collected. GAO also interviewed CMS and industry officials. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) revised the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule (CLFS) for 2018, establishing new Medicare payment rates for laboratory services. Prior to 2018, these rates were based on historical laboratory fees and were typically higher than the rates paid by private payers. The Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA) required CMS to develop a national fee schedule for laboratory tests based on private-payer data. To revise the rates, CMS collected data on private-payer rates from approximately 2,000 laboratories and calculated median payment rates, weighted by volume. GAO found that the median private-payer rates were lower than Medicare's maximum payment rates in 2017 for 88 percent of tests. CMS is gradually phasing in reductions to Medicare payment rates, limited annually at 10 percent over a 3-year period (2018 through 2020), as outlined in PAMA. CMS relied on laboratories to determine whether they met data reporting requirements, but agency officials told GAO that CMS did not receive data from all laboratories required to report. CMS did not estimate the amount of data it should have received from laboratories that were required to report but did not. CMS took steps to exclude inaccurate private-payer data and estimated how collecting certain types and amounts of additional private-payer data could affect Medicare expenditures. However, it is not known whether CMS's estimates reflect the actual risk of incomplete data resulting in inaccurate Medicare payment rates. GAO found that PAMA's phased in reductions to new Medicare payment rates likely mitigated this risk of inaccurate Medicare payment rates from 2018 through 2020. However, GAO found that collecting incomplete data could have a larger effect on the accuracy of Medicare payment rates in future years when PAMA allows for greater payment-rate reductions. CMS's implementation of the new payment rates could lead Medicare to pay billions of dollars more than is necessary and result in CLFS expenditures increasing from what Medicare paid prior to 2018 for two reasons. First, CMS used the maximum Medicare payment rates in 2017 as a baseline to start the phase in of payment-rate reductions instead of using actual Medicare payment rates. This resulted in excess payments for some laboratory tests and, in some cases, higher payment rates than those Medicare previously paid, on average. GAO estimated that Medicare expenditures from 2018 through 2020 may be $733 million more than if CMS had phased in payment-rate reductions based on the average payment rates in 2016. Second, CMS stopped paying a bundled payment rate for certain panel tests (groups of laboratory tests generally performed together), as was its practice prior to 2018, because CMS had not yet clarified its authority to do so under PAMA, according to officials. CMS is currently reviewing whether it has the authority to bundle payment rates for panel tests to reflect the efficiency of conducting a group of tests. GAO estimated that if the payment rate for each panel test were unbundled, Medicare expenditures could increase by as much as $10.3 billion from 2018 through 2020 compared to estimated Medicare expenditures using lower bundled payment rates for panel tests. GAO recommends that the Administrator of CMS (1) collect complete private-payer data from all laboratories required to report or address the estimated effects of incomplete data, (2) phase in payment-rate reductions that start from the actual payment rates rather than the maximum payment rates Medicare paid prior to 2018, and (3) use bundled rates for panel tests. HHS concurred with GAO's first recommendation, neither agreed nor disagreed with the other two, and has since issued guidance to help address the third. GAO believes CMS should fully address these recommendations to prevent Medicare from paying more than is necessary."], "length": 41286, "E2E_time": 6.507712236139923, "context_token": 8192}
{"pred": " The report examines the role of banks in the U.S. economy and the regulatory framework governing them, with a focus on federal preemption of state laws. It discusses the historical development of the dual banking system, the principles of federal preemption under the Supremacy Clause, and key Supreme Court decisions shaping banking regulation. The report also reviews the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's (OCC) preemption rules, the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act, and current issues such as the preemption of state usury laws, FinTech charters, and banking marijuana businesses. The summary highlights the ongoing debates over the balance between federal and state authority in banking regulation.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the critical role of banks in the U.S. economy and the complex regulatory framework that governs them, emphasizing the issue of federal preemption of state laws. It begins by outlining the historical evolution of the dual banking system, which allows both federal and state governments to charter and regulate banks. The report then explores the principles of federal preemption, rooted in the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution, and examines key Supreme Court decisions that have shaped banking regulation, particularly the Barnett Bank case, which established that federal law preempts state laws that \"significantly interfere\" with national banks' powers.\n\nThe report also reviews the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's (OCC) preemption rules, which have been a focal point of debate, especially after the 2004 rules were criticized for being overly broad. It discusses the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act, which introduced stricter standards for preemption, requiring courts to afford OCC determinations only Skidmore deference and mandating periodic reviews of preemption determinations. The report further addresses current issues, including the preemption of state usury laws, the OCC's decision to grant special purpose national bank charters to FinTech companies, and the challenges faced by banks serving marijuana businesses that comply with state law.\n\nThroughout, the report highlights the ongoing debates over the balance between federal and state authority in banking regulation, underscoring the tension between uniform federal standards and state-level consumer protections. The summary encapsulates the report's exploration of these issues, emphasizing the dynamic and contentious nature of banking preemption in the U.S.", "answers": ["Banks play a critical role in the United States economy, channeling money from savers to borrowers and facilitating productive investment. While the nature of lawmakers' interest in bank regulation has shifted over time, most bank regulations fall into one of three general categories. First, banks must abide by a variety of safety-and-soundness requirements designed to minimize the risk of their failure and maintain macroeconomic stability. Second, banks must comply with consumer protection rules intended to deter abusive practices and provide consumers with complete information about financial products and services. Third, banks are subject to various reporting, recordkeeping, and anti-money laundering requirements designed to assist law enforcement in investigating criminal activity. The substantive content of these requirements remains the subject of intense debate. However, the division of regulatory authority over banks between the federal government and the states plays a key role in shaping that content. In some cases, federal law displaces (or \"preempts\") state bank regulations. In other cases, states are permitted to supplement federal regulations with different, sometimes stricter requirements. Because of its substantive implications, federal preemption has recently become a flashpoint in debates surrounding bank regulation. In the American \"dual banking system,\" banks can apply for a national charter from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) or a state charter from a state's banking authority. A bank's choice of chartering authority is also a choice of primary regulator, as the OCC serves as the primary regulator of national banks and state regulatory agencies serve as the primary regulators of state-chartered banks. However, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) also play an important role in bank regulation. The Federal Reserve supervises all national banks and state-chartered banks that become members of the Federal Reserve System (FRS), while the FDIC supervises all state banks that do not become members of the FRS. This complex regulatory architecture has resulted in a \"symbiotic system\" with both federal regulation of state banks and state regulation of national banks. In the modern dual banking system, national banks are often subject to generally applicable state laws, and state banks are subject to both generally applicable federal laws and regulations imposed by their federal regulators. The evolution of this system during the 20th century caused the regulation of national banks and state banks to converge in a number of important ways. However, despite this convergence, federal preemption provides national banks with certain unique advantages. In Barnett Bank of Marion County, N.A. v. Nelson, the Supreme Court held that the National Bank Act (NBA) preempts state laws that \"significantly interfere\" with the powers of national banks. The Court has also issued two decisions on the preemptive scope of a provision of the NBA limiting states' \"visitorial powers\" over national banks. Finally, OCC rules have taken a broad view of the preemptive effects of the NBA, limiting the ways in which states can regulate national banks. Courts, regulators, and legislators have recently confronted a number of issues involving banking preemption and related federalism questions. Specifically, Congress has considered legislation that would overturn a line of judicial decisions concerning the circumstances in which non-banks can benefit from federal preemption of state usury laws. The OCC has also announced its intention to grant national bank charters to certain financial technology (FinTech) companies—a decision that is currently being litigated. Finally, Congress has recently turned its attention to the banking industry's response to state efforts to legalize and regulate marijuana."], "length": 58083, "E2E_time": 9.547388695180416, "context_token": 11246}
{"pred": " The report discusses the John Lewis (TAO-205) class oiler shipbuilding program, which aims to replace the Navy's aging fleet of 15 Henry J. Kaiser-class oilers. The program plans to build 20 new oilers to support the Navy's operations, with the first ship scheduled for delivery in November 2020. The Navy's FY2020 budget requests funding for the fifth and sixth ships, totaling $1,056.3 million. Key issues for Congress include approving the funding, determining the number of oilers needed, and enhancing self-defense capabilities. The report also highlights the importance of these oilers in enabling sustained naval operations and the strategic considerations of modernizing the fleet in a changing security environment.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the John Lewis (TAO-205) class oiler shipbuilding program, designed to replace the Navy's 15 aging Henry J. Kaiser-class oilers. The program aims to construct 20 new oilers to support naval operations, with the first ship expected to be delivered in November 2020. The Navy's FY2020 budget seeks $1,056.3 million for the fifth and sixth ships. Congress faces key decisions on approving this funding, determining the required number of oilers, and enhancing their self-defense capabilities. The report underscores the critical role of these oilers in enabling sustained naval operations and the strategic importance of modernizing the fleet amid evolving security challenges.", "answers": ["The Navy began procuring John Lewis (TAO-205) class oilers in FY2016, and a total of four have been procured through FY2019, including two in FY2019. The first six ships are being procured under a block buy contract that was authorized by Section 127 of the FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act (S. 1356/P.L. 114-92 of November 25, 2015). The Navy wants to procure a total of 20 TAO-205s. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget requests the procurement of the fifth and sixth ships in the program. The Navy estimates the combined procurement cost of the two ships at $1,056.3 million, or an average of $528.1 million each. The two ships have received $75.0 million in prior-year advance procurement (AP) funding, and the Navy's proposed FY2020 budget requests the remaining $981.2 million in procurement funding needed to complete the two ships' estimated combined procurement cost. The Navy's proposed FY2020 budget also requests $73.0 million in AP funding for TAO-205s to be procured in future fiscal years, and $3.7 million in cost-to-complete procurement funding to cover cost growth on TAO-205s procured in prior fiscal years, bringing the total FY2020 procurement funding request for the TAO-205 program (aside from outfitting and post-delivery costs) to $1,057.9 million. Issues for Congress include the following: whether to approve, reject, or modify the Navy's FY2020 procurement funding request for the TAO-205 program; the number of oilers the Navy will require in coming years to support its operations; and whether to encourage or direct the Navy to build TAO-205s with more ship self-defense equipment than currently planned by the Navy."], "length": 21408, "E2E_time": 5.438372160773724, "context_token": 4890}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the three service classifications within the federal government's civil service system: the competitive service, the excepted service, and the Senior Executive Service (SES). It explains the structure, hiring processes, pay scales, and personnel policies for each classification, highlighting their differences and similarities. The report also discusses the role of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) in administering these services and the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) in handling appeals of adverse personnel actions. Additionally, it covers recent legislative changes affecting the SES, particularly within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the federal government's civil service system, which is divided into three classifications: the competitive service, the excepted service, and the Senior Executive Service (SES). The competitive service, the largest, involves positions filled through competitive examinations administered by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM). These examinations test applicants' qualifications, and successful candidates are placed on eligibility registers. Agencies select candidates from these registers, with a requirement to consider at least three individuals for each position. Competitive service employees can have various appointment types, including career, term, and temporary, and are paid according to the General Schedule. They also have specific notice and appeal rights for adverse actions, which can be reviewed by the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB).\n\nThe excepted service, comprising about one-third of federal workers, includes positions not subject to competitive examination. These positions are categorized into four schedules (A, B, C, D) based on factors like recruitment needs and job requirements. Excepted service employees generally receive the same pay and appeal rights as competitive service employees, though some have different durational requirements. The Senior Executive Service (SES) consists of high-level managers and supervisors, with distinct hiring and pay structures. SES members are evaluated through performance appraisals, and their pay is tied to performance. Recent changes, such as the 2017 Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability Act, have modified removal procedures for SES members in the VA, streamlining the process for addressing performance issues.\n\nOverall, the report highlights the structure, hiring processes, pay scales, and personnel policies of each service classification, emphasizing their unique characteristics and the roles of OPM and MSPB in managing these systems.", "answers": ["According to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), the federal workforce consists of an estimated two million civilian employees. Federal law categorizes these employees into three types of service—the competitive service, the excepted service, and the Senior Executive Service (SES)—that may be distinguished by different selection, compensation, and other standards. Title 5 of the U.S. Code (Title 5) contains most of the standards governing federal employment, and OPM is generally responsible for implementing these requirements. The competitive service largely consists of all civil service positions in the executive branch, other than (1) positions excepted from the competitive service by statute; (2) positions appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate; and (3) the SES. Traditionally, OPM has administered examinations for entrance into the competitive service. These examinations are meant to be \"practical in character\" and relate to \"matters that fairly test the relative capacity and fitness of the applicants for the appointment sought.\" Title 5 also authorizes OPM to prescribe rules allowing agencies to hire candidates directly under specified circumstances. The excepted service includes designated civil service positions that are not in the competitive service or the SES and are not subject to competitive examination. OPM maintains authority to exempt a position from the competitive service when it determines that an appointment through competitive examination is not practicable, or the recruitment of students or recent graduates would be better achieved through alternate recruitment and assessment processes. The pay structure for the competitive service and the excepted service is similar. Both services are typically paid in accordance with the General Schedule, a schedule of annual basic pay rates that consists of 15 grades, designated \"GS-1\" through \"GS-15.\" This fixed pay scale is generally designed to reflect, among other things, equal pay for substantially equal work within a local pay area. Additionally, the competitive service and the excepted service generally have similar notice and appeal rights for adverse personnel actions. For example, before a removal, a suspension for more than 14 days, a reduction in grade or pay, or a furlough of 30 days or less, the agency must provide at least 30 days' advance written notice to the affected employee. The employee must also be given a reasonable time to respond to the notice and provide affidavits and other evidence to support the answer. Some adverse actions may also be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB or Board), an independent, quasi-judicial agency that reviews and adjudicates specified personnel actions taken against qualifying federal employees. The SES is a corps of some 7,000 high-level government administrators who manage major programs and projects within most federal agencies. In these leadership roles, SES members may serve as a link between top-level political appointees of an agency and career civil servants within the agency. The SES is governed by a regulatory structure separate from the competitive and excepted services. While SES members are primarily career appointees chosen through a merit-based competitive hiring process, others are noncareer, limited term or limited emergency appointees (commonly political appointees) selected by agency leadership. To shield certain SES roles from political influence, some SES positions (career reserved positions) must be filled with career appointees, and Title 5 limits the number of noncareer and limited term appointees that may serve in SES positions. The SES pay structure is distinct from the rest of the civil service. Title 5 specifies that SES members are paid within a particular range based on an executive's individual performance or contribution to agency performance (or both), as measured under a performance appraisal system. In addition, Title 5 articulates special conditions and procedures for removing, suspending, or taking other adverse actions against a member of the SES. For example, career SES appointees who have successfully completed a one-year probationary period may be removed or subject to adverse action only for specified reasons, including misconduct and substandard performance. Career appointees must receive advance written notice of these actions, and an opportunity to appeal the action. In comparison, noncareer, limited term, and limited emergency appointees are generally not subject to the same protections and may be removed from the SES at any time."], "length": 17769, "E2E_time": 7.02105043688789, "context_token": 3275}
{"pred": " The report examines China's actions in the South China Sea (SCS) and East China Sea (ECS), focusing on their implications for U.S. strategic interests. China's island-building and military activities in the SCS, particularly in the Spratly Islands, have heightened regional tensions and concerns over freedom of navigation. The U.S. supports the principle of freedom of the seas and opposes excessive maritime claims, conducting freedom of navigation operations to assert navigational rights. However, the effectiveness of these operations and broader U.S. strategy has been questioned. The report highlights the need for a comprehensive U.S. approach, including diplomatic engagement, military presence, and support for regional partners, to counterbalance China's influence and maintain stability in the Indo-Pacific region. Key issues include the impact of China's actions on regional security, the role of international law, and the importance of U.S. alliances in addressing maritime disputes. The report underscores the complexity of the situation and the necessity for a multifaceted response to protect U.S. interests and promote a rules-based international order.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into China's activities in the South China Sea (SCS) and East China Sea (ECS), emphasizing their implications for U.S. strategic interests. China's construction of islands and military presence in the SCS, particularly in the Spratly Islands, have raised regional tensions and concerns about freedom of navigation. The U.S. supports the principle of freedom of the seas and opposes excessive maritime claims, conducting freedom of navigation operations to assert navigational rights. However, the effectiveness of these operations and broader U.S. strategy has been questioned. The report highlights the need for a comprehensive U.S. approach, including diplomatic engagement, military presence, and support for regional partners, to counterbalance China's influence and maintain stability in the Indo-Pacific region. Key issues include the impact of China's actions on regional security, the role of international law, and the importance of U.S. alliances in addressing maritime disputes. The report underscores the complexity of the situation and the necessity for a multifaceted response to protect U.S. interests and promote a rules-based international order.", "answers": ["China's actions in recent years in the South China Sea (SCS)—particularly its island-building and base-construction activities at sites that it occupies in the Spratly Islands—have heightened concerns among U.S. observers that China is rapidly gaining effective control of the SCS, an area of strategic, political, and economic importance to the United States and its allies and partners, particularly those in the Indo-Pacific region. U.S. Navy Admiral Philip Davidson, in his responses to advance policy questions from the Senate Armed Services Committee for an April 17, 2018, hearing to consider his nomination to become Commander, U.S. Pacific Command (PACOM), stated that \"China is now capable of controlling the South China Sea in all scenarios short of war with the United States.\" Chinese control of the SCS—and, more generally, Chinese domination of China's near-seas region, meaning the SCS, the East China Sea (ECS), and the Yellow Sea—could substantially affect U.S. strategic, political, and economic interests in the Indo-Pacific region and elsewhere. China is a party to multiple territorial disputes in the SCS and ECS, including, in particular, disputes with multiple neighboring countries over the Paracel Islands, Spratly Islands, and Scarborough Shoal in the SCS, and with Japan over the Senkaku Islands in the ECS. Up through 2014, U.S. concern over these disputes centered more on their potential for causing tension, incidents, and a risk of conflict between China and its neighbors in the region, including U.S. allies Japan and the Philippines and emerging partner states such as Vietnam. While that concern remains, particularly regarding the potential for a conflict between China and Japan involving the Senkaku Islands, U.S. concern since 2014 (i.e., since China's island-building activities in the Spratly Islands were first publicly reported) has shifted increasingly to how China's strengthening position in the SCS may be affecting the risk of a U.S.-China crisis or conflict in the SCS and the broader U.S.-Chinese strategic competition. In addition to territorial disputes in the SCS and ECS, China is involved in a dispute, particularly with the United States, over whether China has a right under international law to regulate the activities of foreign military forces operating within China's exclusive economic zone (EEZ). The position of the United States and most other countries is that while international law gives coastal states the right to regulate economic activities (such as fishing and oil exploration) within their EEZs, it does not give coastal states the right to regulate foreign military activities in the parts of their EEZs beyond their 12-nautical-mile territorial waters. The position of China and some other countries (i.e., a minority group among the world's nations) is that UNCLOS gives coastal states the right to regulate not only economic activities, but also foreign military activities, in their EEZs. The dispute appears to be at the heart of multiple incidents between Chinese and U.S. ships and aircraft in international waters and airspace since 2001, and has potential implications not only for China's EEZs, but for U.S. naval operations in EEZs globally, and for international law of the sea. A key issue for Congress is how the United States should respond to China's actions in the SCS and ECS—particularly its island-building and base-construction activities in the Spratly Islands—and to China's strengthening position in the SCS. A key oversight question for Congress is whether the Trump Administration has an appropriate strategy—and an appropriate amount of resources for implementing that strategy—for countering China's \"salami-slicing\" strategy or gray zone operations for gradually strengthening its position in the SCS, for imposing costs on China for its actions in the SCS and ECS, and for defending and promoting U.S. interests in the region."], "length": 257121, "E2E_time": 26.40312204696238, "context_token": 52522}
{"pred": " The report examines the governance and operations of defense labs, federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), and university-affiliated research centers (UARCs) within the Department of Defense (DOD). It highlights the use of specific legislative authorities to foster innovation and efficiency, identifies barriers to their effective use, and compares DOD's governance models with those of the Department of Energy (Energy) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The report also provides recommendations to improve the utilization of these authorities within DOD.\n\nThe defense lab enterprise comprises 63 labs, warfare centers, and engineering centers across the Army, Navy, and Air Force, employing about 50,000 scientists and engineers. These labs are managed within the military service chain of command and receive funding through various mechanisms, including mission funding, customer funding, and revolving funds. DOD also sponsors FFRDCs and UARCs, which provide specialized research and development services. FFRDCs are operated by universities, non-profits, or private firms, while UARCs are university-affiliated and cannot compete against industry in certain cases.\n\nThe report focuses on four key legislative authorities: Laboratory Initiated Research Authority, Direct Hire Authority, Laboratory Enhancement Pilot Program, and Micro-purchase Authority. These authorities aim to enhance innovation, streamline hiring, improve lab management, and facilitate purchasing. However, their usage varies across the military services due to structural and policy barriers. For instance, the Air Force Research Laboratory does not charge customers the maximum allowable fee, while the Navy lacks clear guidance on using the authority within its Capital Investment Program. The Army's policy on percentage fees may discourage broader use of the authority.\n\nThe report also explores the governance models of Energy and NASA, which have different approaches to managing their research centers. Energy primarily relies on contractor-operated FFRDCs, while NASA has a mix of government-operated centers and a single FFRDC. Both agencies face challenges such as aging infrastructure and workforce shortages.\n\nBased on the findings, the report recommends that DOD assess the potential costs and benefits of implementing accounting system improvements for the Air Force Research Laboratory, clarify guidance for Navy labs on using the authority within the Capital Investment Program, and review Army policy to eliminate disincentives for using the authority.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the importance of these legislative authorities in fostering innovation within DOD labs and highlights the need for service-specific actions to overcome existing barriers.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the governance and operations of defense labs, FFRDCs, and UARCs within the Department of Defense (DOD), focusing on the use of legislative authorities to enhance innovation and efficiency. It identifies barriers to effective use and compares DOD's models with those of Energy and NASA.\n\nThe defense lab enterprise includes 63 labs across the Army, Navy, and Air Force, employing 50,000 scientists and engineers. These labs are funded through various mechanisms, including mission and customer funding. DOD also sponsors FFRDCs and UARCs, which provide specialized research services. The report highlights four key authorities: Laboratory Initiated Research Authority, Direct Hire Authority, Laboratory Enhancement Pilot Program, and Micro-purchase Authority. These aim to foster innovation, streamline hiring, improve management, and facilitate purchasing. However, their usage varies due to structural and policy barriers, such as the Air Force not charging maximum fees and the Navy lacking guidance on program use.\n\nThe report also examines Energy and NASA's governance models. Energy relies on contractor-operated FFRDCs, while NASA has a mix of government-operated centers and one FFRDC. Both face challenges like aging infrastructure and workforce shortages.\n\nThe report recommends DOD assess accounting improvements for the Air Force, clarify Navy guidance, and review Army policy to eliminate barriers. It underscores the importance of these authorities in fostering innovation and calls for service-specific actions to overcome challenges.", "answers": ["Congress created several authorities that provide DOD research labs with ways to increase efficiency and foster innovation. Senate report 114-255 contained a provision for GAO to study governance models used by federal labs. This report evaluates DOD labs' use of authorities to foster innovation and efficiency. GAO selected four authorities that recent work on best practices for science and technology management and expedited defense lab hiring have shown to be the most crucial for supporting innovation; administered a survey to 44 lab directors to gain insight into their use of the authorities; interviewed key lab officials and contractors; and reviewed relevant policies and guidance. Congress has provided the Department of Defense's (DOD) research labs with several authorities to enhance management and operations. Four authorities that GAO examined provide lab directors with greater ability to make their own decisions regarding the funding of projects, hiring, lab management, and purchasing of equipment or services. 1. Laboratory initiated research authority. This authority, as implemented, provides labs with a means to fund new science and technology projects that they consider a priority. Labs may use a percentage of all funds available to the lab and are permitted to charge customers of the lab a percentage fee of the costs for activities performed by the lab for the customer. 2. Direct hire authority. This authority enables labs to compete with private industry for high-quality talent. For example, it provides for streamlined hiring of applicants with relevant advanced degrees, or students enrolled in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs. 3. Laboratory enhancement pilot program authority. This authority generally allows lab directors to propose alternative methods that might lead to more effective lab management, and waive certain policies or procedures that might affect implementation of these methods. 4. Micro-purchase authority. This authority raises the threshold for small purchases for DOD research lab activities from $3,500 to $10,000 to facilitate acquisitions. While labs have used these authorities, their use has sometimes been limited, particularly with the laboratory initiated research authority. DOD lab directors at Air Force, Navy, and Army cited several obstacles that impede wider use of that authority, specifically: Air Force: Financial management officials at the Air Force stated that the service's accounting system does not currently have an automated capability to transfer the allowable percentage fee of costs to a central account at the Air Force Research Laboratory. This lack of capability, officials noted, creates a significant administrative burden related to charging these fees. Navy: In fiscal year 2017, Navy labs invested $7.3 million in lab infrastructure projects, compared to $32.9 million and $53.7 million at the Air Force and Army, respectively. Navy lab officials told us that they were restricted in their use of infrastructure funds available under the laboratory initiated research authority due to a lack of clear guidance as to whether and how to use this authority within the Capital Investment Program of the Navy Working Capital Fund. Army: The Army requires its labs to use a similar percentage of funds from two sources: (1) what it refers to as directly appropriated funds and (2) funds labs charge for customer activities. Some Army lab directors reported assessing a lower rate on customer funds than allowed so as not to drive customers away. The labs then generally charge a lower than desired rate on their directly appropriated funds, which further constrains the total funding available to them. GAO is making three recommendations to enhance DOD's use of laboratory initiated research authority, including that the Air Force assess potential accounting system improvements, the Navy clarify how labs can use the authority for infrastructure improvements, and the Army assess its policy to determine whether changes are needed to remove disincentives for labs to use the authority. DOD concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 76883, "E2E_time": 15.011484479065984, "context_token": 13871}
{"pred": " The report outlines various federal programs designed to assist individuals, state and local governments, and non-governmental entities in the aftermath of major disasters, including natural disasters and terrorist attacks. These programs provide financial assistance, operational support, and technical aid. The report specifically highlights programs frequently used for financial assistance during disaster response and recovery, such as the Individuals and Households Program (IHP), Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA), and the Small Business Administration (SBA) disaster loan programs. It also discusses programs aimed at hazard mitigation, public assistance, and pre-disaster planning. The report emphasizes that while many programs require a presidential disaster declaration, others offer more limited aid under different circumstances. It concludes by noting that Congress may authorize additional financial assistance on a case-by-case basis and that program details can change, advising readers to consult the latest information from relevant agencies.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an overview of federal programs that assist individuals, state and local governments, and non-governmental entities after major disasters. These programs offer financial aid, operational support, and technical assistance, with a focus on frequently used financial assistance programs. Key initiatives include the Individuals and Households Program (IHP), which provides temporary financial support for housing and essential needs; Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA), offering benefits to those jobless due to disasters; and the Small Business Administration (SBA) disaster loan programs, which help businesses and homeowners recover. Additionally, the report highlights programs for hazard mitigation, public assistance, and pre-disaster planning, such as the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) and the Pre-Disaster Mitigation (PDM) Grant Program. While many programs require a presidential disaster declaration, others provide limited aid under different conditions. The report notes that Congress may authorize additional financial assistance and advises consulting the latest information from relevant agencies for updates.", "answers": ["This report is designed to assist Members of Congress and their staff as they address the needs of their states, communities, and constituents after a disaster. It includes a summary of federal programs that provide federal disaster assistance to individual survivors, states, territories, local governments, and nongovernmental entities following a natural or man-made disaster. A number of federal agencies provide financial assistance through grants, loans, and loan guarantees to assist in the provision of critical services, such as temporary housing, counseling, and infrastructure repair. The programs summarized in this report fall into two broad categories. First, there are programs specifically authorized for use during situations occurring because of a disaster. Most of these programs are administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Second are general assistance programs that in some instances may be used either in disaster situations or to meet other needs unrelated to a disaster. Many federal agencies, including the Departments of Health and Human Services (HHS) and Housing and Urban Development (HUD), administer programs that may be included in the second category. The programs in the report are primarily organized by recipient: individuals, state and local governments, nongovernmental entities, or businesses. These programs address a variety of short-term needs, such as food and shelter, and long-term needs, such as the repair of public utilities and public infrastructure. The report also includes a list of Congressional Research Service (CRS) reports on disaster assistance as well as relevant federal agency websites that provide information on disaster responses, updates on recovery efforts, and resources on federal assistance programs. This report will be updated as significant legislative or administrative changes occur."], "length": 36159, "E2E_time": 7.160750229842961, "context_token": 8050}
{"pred": " The report examines the processes and challenges faced by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) in overseeing state-reported Medicaid expenditures. It highlights the importance of CMS's role in ensuring that federal funds are appropriately allocated and that state expenditures comply with Medicaid requirements. The report identifies several key areas, including the complexity of expenditure reporting, resource constraints within CMS, and the need for improved risk assessment and resource allocation. It also discusses the impact of CMS's oversight activities, which have resulted in significant savings, and outlines recommendations to enhance the effectiveness of these processes.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the processes and challenges CMS faces in overseeing state-reported Medicaid expenditures, emphasizing the importance of ensuring federal funds are correctly allocated and state expenditures comply with Medicaid rules. It identifies key areas such as the complexity of expenditure reporting, CMS resource constraints, and the need for better risk assessment and resource allocation. The report highlights the impact of CMS's oversight, which has saved over $5 billion in federal funds, and outlines three recommendations: conducting a comprehensive risk assessment, clarifying variance analysis guidance, and revising the sampling methodology for Medicaid expansion reviews. CMS concurred with these recommendations, aiming to improve oversight effectiveness.", "answers": ["Medicaid has grown by over 50 percent over the last decade, with about $370 billion in federal spending in fiscal year 2017. CMS is responsible for assuring that expenditures—reported quarterly by states—are consistent with Medicaid requirements and matched with the correct amount of federal funds. CMS's review of reported expenditures has become increasingly complex due to variation in states' Medicaid programs and an increasing number of different matching rates. GAO was asked to examine CMS's oversight of state-reported Medicaid expenditures. In this report, GAO examined how CMS assures that (1) expenditures are supported and consistent with requirements; and (2) the correct federal matching rates were applied to expenditures subject to a higher match. GAO also examined the financial impact of resolved errors. GAO reviewed documentation for the most recently completed quarterly reviews by 3 of CMS's 10 regional offices for six states that varied by Medicaid program expenditures and design. GAO also reviewed policies, procedures, and data on resolved errors; and interviewed CMS and state officials. GAO assessed CMS's oversight processes against federal standards for internal control. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), which oversees Medicaid, has various review processes in place to assure that expenditures reported by states are supported and consistent with Medicaid requirements. The agency also has processes to review that the correct federal matching rates were applied to expenditures receiving a higher than standard federal matching rate, which can include certain types of services and populations. These processes collectively have had a considerable federal financial benefit, with CMS resolving errors that reduced federal spending by over $5.1 billion in fiscal years 2014 through 2017. However, GAO identified weaknesses in how CMS targets its resources to address risks when reviewing whether expenditures are supported and consistent with requirements. CMS devotes similar levels of staff resources to review expenditures despite differing levels of risk across states. For example, the number of staff reviewing California's expenditures—which represent 15 percent of federal Medicaid spending—is similar to the number reviewing Arkansas' expenditures, which represents 1 percent of federal Medicaid spending. CMS cancelled in-depth financial management reviews in 17 out of 51 instances over the last 5 years. These reviews target expenditures considered by CMS to be at risk of not meeting program requirements. CMS told GAO that resource constraints contributed to both weaknesses. However, the agency has not completed a comprehensive assessment of risk to (1) determine whether oversight resources are adequate and (2) focus on the most significant areas of risk. Absent such an assessment, CMS is missing an opportunity to identify errors in reported expenditures that could result in substantial savings to the Medicaid program. GAO also found limitations in CMS's processes for reviewing expenditures that receive a higher federal matching rate. Internal guidance for examining variances in these expenditures was unclear, and not all reviewers in the three CMS regional offices GAO reviewed were investigating significant variances in quarter-to-quarter expenditures. Review procedures for expenditures for individuals newly eligible for Medicaid under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act were not tailored to different risk levels among states. For example, in its reviews of a sample of claims for this population, CMS reviewed claims for the same number of enrollees—30—in California as for Arkansas, even though California had 10 times the number of newly eligible enrollees as Arkansas. Without clear internal guidance and better targeting of risks in its review procedures for expenditures receiving higher matching rates, CMS may overpay states. GAO is making three recommendations, including that CMS improve its risk-based targeting of oversight efforts and resources, and clarify related internal guidance. The Department of Health and Human Services concurred with these recommendations."], "length": 39444, "E2E_time": 5.082314339000732, "context_token": 7233}
{"pred": " The report provides a comprehensive overview of Egypt's political, economic, and security landscape since the 1952 Free Officers Movement. It highlights the dominance of the military in governance, the role of the Muslim Brotherhood as the primary opposition, and the significant political upheaval during the Arab Spring. The report details President Abdel Fattah el Sisi's consolidation of power, the ongoing economic reforms, and Egypt's evolving foreign policy. It also examines the challenges Egypt faces, including terrorism in the Sinai Peninsula, human rights concerns, and the strained relationship with the United States. The report underscores the complexities of Egypt's domestic and international dynamics, emphasizing the need for a balanced approach to address both stability and reform.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a detailed analysis of Egypt's political, economic, and security dynamics since the 1952 Free Officers Movement, which established military dominance in governance. It outlines the military's role in producing four presidents and the Muslim Brotherhood's opposition to military-backed rule. The Arab Spring led to Hosni Mubarak's ouster and a brief period of political turmoil under President Muhammad Morsi, which ended with a military coup in 2013. President Abdel Fattah el Sisi has since consolidated power, implementing economic reforms and facing criticism for human rights abuses and suppression of dissent.\n\nThe report highlights Egypt's economic recovery, driven by tourism and natural gas, though challenges like high inflation and debt remain. It also discusses Egypt's foreign policy, including strengthened ties with Russia and France, and its role in regional security, particularly combating terrorism in the Sinai Peninsula. The U.S.-Egyptian relationship is strained due to human rights concerns, with the U.S. providing significant military aid while urging reforms. The report underscores the complexities of Egypt's domestic and international challenges, emphasizing the need for a balanced approach to ensure stability and progress.", "answers": ["Historically, Egypt has been an important country for U.S. national security interests based on its geography, demography, and diplomatic posture. Egypt controls the Suez Canal, which is one of the world's most well-known maritime chokepoints, linking the Mediterranean and Red Seas. Egypt, with its population of more than 100 million people, is by far the most populous Arabic-speaking country. Although it may not play the same type of leading political or military role in the Arab world as it has in the past, Egypt may retain some \"soft power\" by virtue of its history, media, and culture. Cairo plays host both to the 22-member Arab League and Al Azhar University, which claims to be the oldest continuously operating university in the world and has symbolic importance as a leading source of Islamic scholarship. Additionally, Egypt's 1979 peace treaty with Israel remains one of the most significant diplomatic achievements for the promotion of Arab-Israeli peace. While people-to-people relations remain cold, the Israeli and Egyptian governments have increased their cooperation against Islamist militants and instability in the Sinai Peninsula and Gaza Strip. Personnel moves and possible amendments to the Egyptian constitution highlight apparent efforts by President Sisi to consolidate power with the help of political allies, including colleagues from Egypt's security establishment. President Sisi has come under repeated international criticism for an ongoing government crackdown against various forms of political dissent and freedom of expression. The Egyptian government has defended its human rights record, asserting that the country is under pressure from terrorist groups seeking to destabilize Arab nation-states. The Trump Administration has tried to normalize ties with the Sisi government that were generally perceived as strained under President Obama. In January 2019, U.S. Secretary of State Michael Pompeo delivered a major policy speech at the American University in Cairo, where he stated, \"And as we seek an even stronger partnership with Egypt, we encourage President Sisi to unleash the creative energy of Egypt's people, unfetter the economy, and promote a free and open exchange of ideas.\" The United States has provided significant military and economic assistance to Egypt since the late 1970s. Successive U.S. Administrations have justified aid to Egypt as an investment in regional stability, built primarily on long-running cooperation with the Egyptian military and on sustaining the 1979 Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty. All U.S. foreign aid to Egypt (or any recipient) is appropriated and authorized by Congress. Since 1946, the United States has provided Egypt with over $83 billion in bilateral foreign aid (calculated in historical dollars—not adjusted for inflation). Annual appropriations legislation includes several conditions governing the release of these funds. All U.S. military aid to Egypt finances the procurement of weapons systems and services from U.S. defense contractors. For FY2019, Congress has appropriated $1.4 billion in total bilateral assistance for Egypt, the same amount it provided in FY2018. For FY2020, the President is requesting a total of $1.382 billion in bilateral assistance for Egypt. Nearly all of the U.S. funds for Egypt come from the FMF account (military aid). In November 2018, the U.S. Defense Department notified Congress of a major $1 billion sale of defense equipment to Egypt, consisting of 10 AH-64E Apache Attack Helicopters, among other things. Beyond the United States, President Sisi has broadened Egypt's international base of support to include several key partners, including the Arab Gulf states, Israel, Russia, and France. In the last five years, as French-Egyptian ties have improved, Egypt has purchased major air and naval defense systems from French defense companies."], "length": 54361, "E2E_time": 8.214420161675662, "context_token": 11160}
{"pred": " The report discusses the use of commercially hosted payloads by the Department of Defense (DOD) and other government agencies. It explains what a hosted payload is, the potential benefits, challenges, and examples of their use. The report also highlights the efforts by DOD to facilitate the use of hosted payloads, such as the establishment of the Hosted Payload Office (HPO) and the Hosted Payload Solutions (HOPS) contract. It concludes with recommendations for DOD to centralize knowledge and data on hosted payloads to better inform decision-making.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the Department of Defense's (DOD) use of commercially hosted payloads, which are government instruments or equipment integrated onto commercial satellites. These payloads can be experimental, testing new technologies, or operational, providing essential capabilities. The report highlights several benefits, including cost savings, faster deployment, increased deterrence and resilience, and the ability to incorporate new technologies. However, challenges such as size, weight, power constraints, spectrum compatibility, and alignment of timelines between government and commercial entities are identified.\n\nThe DOD has established the Hosted Payload Office (HPO) and the Hosted Payload Solutions (HOPS) contract to streamline the process of matching payloads with commercial hosts. Despite these efforts, the report notes that DOD's experience with hosted payloads is limited, and knowledge is fragmented across the agency. This fragmentation contributes to resistance within DOD to adopting hosted payloads more widely.\n\nThe report concludes with a recommendation for the DOD to centralize the collection and assessment of agency-wide data on hosted payloads to better inform decision-making and mitigate logistical challenges. It also mentions that other government agencies, such as NASA and NOAA, have successfully used hosted payloads for various missions, citing cost savings and leveraging commercial capabilities as key reasons.", "answers": ["Each year, DOD spends billions of dollars to develop, produce, and field large, complex satellites. For such satellite systems, a single adversary attack or on-orbit failure can result in the loss of billions of dollars of investment and significant loss of vital capabilities. As DOD plans new space systems and addresses an increasingly contested space environment, it has the opportunity to consider different acquisition approaches. One such approach is to integrate a government sensor or payload onto a commercial host satellite. House Armed Services Committee report 115-200, accompanying a bill for the Fiscal Year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, included a provision for GAO to review DOD's use of commercially hosted payloads. This report (1) determines the extent to which DOD uses commercially hosted payloads and (2) describes and assesses factors that affect their use. GAO reviewed DOD policies, documentation, and planning documents, and interviewed a wide range of DOD and civil government officials, and commercial stakeholders. GAO and others have found that using commercial satellites to host government sensors or communications packages—called payloads—may be one way DOD can achieve on-orbit capability faster and more affordably. Using hosted payloads may also help facilitate a proliferation of payloads on orbit, making it more difficult for an adversary to defeat a capability. Since 2009, DOD has used three commercially hosted payloads, with three more missions planned or underway through 2022 (see figure below). DOD estimates that it has achieved cost savings of several hundred million dollars from using commercially hosted payloads to date, and expects to realize additional savings and deliver faster capabilities on orbit from planned missions. Cost savings can result from sharing development, launch, and ground system costs with the commercial host company. Among the factors that affect DOD's use of hosted payloads are a perception among some DOD officials that matching government payloads to commercial satellites is too difficult; and limited, fragmented knowledge on how to mitigate various challenges GAO found that further opportunities to use hosted payloads may emerge as DOD plans new and follow-on space systems in the coming years. However, DOD's knowledge on using hosted payloads is fragmented, in part because programs are not required to share information. In 2011, the Air Force created a Hosted Payload Office to provide expertise and other tools to facilitate matching government payloads with commercial hosts. However, GAO found that DOD programs using hosted payloads are not required and generally do not provide cost and technical data, or lessons learned, to the Hosted Payload Office, or another central office for analysis. Requiring programs that use hosted payloads agency-wide to provide this information to a central location would better position DOD to make informed decisions when considering acquisition approaches for upcoming space system designs. GAO recommends that DOD require programs using commercially hosted payloads to contribute resulting data to a central location. In implementing this recommendation, DOD should assess whether the Air Force's Hosted Payload Office is the appropriate location to collect and analyze the data. DOD concurred with the recommendation."], "length": 38003, "E2E_time": 6.616554628126323, "context_token": 6781}
{"pred": " The report examines the technology sector's employment landscape, focusing on diversity and federal oversight. It highlights the sector's growth, the underrepresentation of women, Black, and Hispanic workers, and the challenges faced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) in enforcing anti-discrimination laws. The report also discusses the barriers to entry for underrepresented groups and the efforts by technology companies to improve diversity.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive analysis of the technology sector's employment landscape, emphasizing diversity and federal oversight. It highlights the sector's significant growth, noting that the technology workforce increased by 24% from 2005 to 2015, outpacing the general workforce. However, it also underscores the persistent underrepresentation of women, Black, and Hispanic workers in the technology sector compared to their presence in the broader workforce. Women constituted 22% of technology workers in 2015, while Black and Hispanic workers saw minimal or no growth in their representation over the decade.\n\nThe report identifies several barriers contributing to this disparity, including the lower diversity of degree earners in technology-related fields and company-based factors such as hiring practices and retention challenges. It also explores the challenges faced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) in enforcing anti-discrimination laws. EEOC faces limitations due to incomplete industry coding in its data, hindering its ability to analyze trends and focus enforcement efforts effectively. OFCCP, while conducting routine evaluations of federal contractors, encounters delays in obtaining necessary data and has not fully addressed the complexities of modern workplace structures.\n\nThe report also discusses efforts by technology companies to improve diversity, including targeted recruitment, internships, and training programs. Despite these initiatives, systemic issues persist, and the federal agencies' oversight remains constrained by resource limitations and regulatory challenges. The report concludes with recommendations for EEOC and OFCCP to enhance their data collection, analysis, and enforcement strategies to better address diversity and inclusion in the technology sector.", "answers": ["Technology companies are a major source of high-paying U.S. jobs, but some have questioned the sector's commitment to equal employment opportunity. EEOC provides federal oversight of nondiscrimination requirements by investigating charges of discrimination, and OFCCP enforces federal contractors' compliance with affirmative action requirements. GAO was asked to review workforce trends in the technology sector and federal oversight. This report examines (1) trends in the gender, racial, and ethnic composition of the technology sector workforce; and (2) EEOC and OFCCP oversight of technology companies' compliance with equal employment and affirmative action requirements. GAO analyzed workforce data from the American Community Survey for 2005-2015 and EEOC Employer Information Reports for 2007-2015, the latest data available during our analysis. GAO analyzed OFCCP data on compliance evaluations for fiscal years 2011-2016. GAO interviewed agency officials, researchers, and workforce, industry, and company representatives. The estimated percentage of minority technology workers increased from 2005 to 2015, but GAO found that no growth occurred for female and Black workers, whereas Asian and Hispanic workers made statistically significant increases (see figure). Further, female, Black, and Hispanic workers remain a smaller proportion of the technology workforce—mathematics, computing, and engineering occupations—compared to their representation in the general workforce. These groups have also been less represented among technology workers inside the technology sector than outside it. In contrast, Asian workers were more represented in these occupations than in the general workforce. Stakeholders and researchers GAO interviewed identified several factors that may have contributed to the lower representation of certain groups, such as fewer women and minorities graduating with technical degrees and company hiring and retention practices. Both the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and the Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) have taken steps to enforce equal employment and affirmative action requirements in the technology sector, but face limitations. While EEOC has identified barriers to recruitment and hiring in the technology sector as a strategic priority, when EEOC conducts investigations, it does not systematically record the type of industry, therefore limiting sector-related analyses to help focus its efforts. EEOC has plans to determine how to add missing industry codes but has not set a timeframe to do this. In addition, OFCCP's regulations may hinder its ability to enforce contractors' compliance because OFCCP directs contractors to set placement goals for all minorities as a group rather than for specific racial/ethnic groups. OFCCP also has not made changes to its establishment-based approach to selecting entities for review in decades, even though changes have occurred in how workplaces are structured. Without taking steps to address these issues, OFCCP may miss opportunities to hold contractors responsible for complying with affirmative action and nondiscrimination requirements. GAO makes 6 recommendations, including that EEOC develop a timeline to improve industry data collection and OFCCP take steps toward requiring more specific minority placement goals by contractors and assess key aspects of its selection approach. EEOC neither agreed nor disagreed with its recommendation, and OFCCP stated the need for regulatory change to alter placement goal requirements. GAO continues to believe actions are needed, as discussed in the report."], "length": 77562, "E2E_time": 9.946331584826112, "context_token": 14361}
{"pred": " The report discusses the CHIP-IN Act, which allows the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to accept donations for constructing medical facilities. The Omaha donor group's interest in building an ambulatory care center and Congress's interest in innovative infrastructure solutions led to the Act. The pilot program, starting in 2017, includes five projects, with Omaha's center as the first. The center, set to open in 2020, combines VA and private standards, saving $34 million compared to traditional methods. Challenges include securing large donations and lack of dedicated staff. GAO recommends defining objectives, assessment methods, and roles for the pilot's success.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the CHIP-IN Act, which enables the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to accept private donations for constructing medical facilities. The initiative was spurred by the Omaha donor group's interest in building an ambulatory care center and Congress's desire to explore innovative infrastructure solutions. The pilot program, launched in 2017, allows up to five projects, with Omaha's center as the first. This facility, scheduled to open in 2020, integrates VA and private sector standards, resulting in $34 million in savings compared to traditional construction methods. Challenges include securing large philanthropic donations and the lack of dedicated staff. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) recommends that the VA define clear objectives, develop an assessment methodology, and establish roles and responsibilities to ensure the pilot's success.", "answers": ["VA has pressing infrastructure needs. The Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016 (CHIP-IN Act) authorized VA to accept donated real property—such as buildings or facility construction or improvements—through a pilot program. VA has initiated one project in Omaha, Nebraska, through a partnership with a donor group. VA can accept up to five donations through the pilot program, which is authorized through 2021. The CHIP-IN Act includes a provision for GAO to report on donation agreements. This report (1) examines the extent to which the VA's pilot design aligns with leading practices and (2) discusses what VA has learned from the pilot to date. GAO reviewed VA documents, including plans for the pilot program, and visited the Omaha pilot project. GAO interviewed VA officials, the Omaha donor group, and three non-federal entities that responded to VA's request seeking donors. GAO compared implementation of VA's pilot to leading practices for pilot design, organizational transformation, and cross-functional teams. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is conducting a pilot program, called CHIP-IN, that allows VA to partner with non-federal entities and accept real property donations from them as a way to help address VA's infrastructure needs. Although VA signed its first project agreement under the program in April 2017, VA has not yet established a framework for effective design of the pilot program. Specifically, VA's pilot program design is not aligned with four of five leading practices for designing a well-developed and documented pilot program. VA has begun to implement one leading practice by improving its efforts to communicate with relevant stakeholders, such as including external stakeholders in key meetings. However, the VA offices involved have not agreed upon and documented clear, measurable objectives for the pilot program, which is a leading practice. Further, VA has not developed an assessment methodology or an evaluation plan that would help inform decisions about whether or how the pilot approach could be expanded. While VA officials said they intend to develop these items as tasks for the newly formed CHIP-IN steering committee, they have no timeline for doing so. Without clear objectives and assessment and evaluation plans, VA and Congress may have difficulty determining whether the pilot approach is an effective way to help address VA's infrastructure needs. To date, the CHIP-IN pilot suggests that donation partnerships could improve construction projects, but identifying donors and establishing a team for the pilot program have presented challenges. Officials from VA and the donor group for the first pilot project—an ambulatory care center in Omaha, Nebraska—said they are completing the project faster than if it had been a standard federal construction project, while achieving potential cost savings by using private sector practices. However, VA officials said it is challenging to find partners to make large donations with no financial return, and VA's lack of marketing and philanthropic development experience exacerbates that challenge. VA and the donor group agreed that a dedicated team of individuals with relevant expertise could facilitate the pilot's implementation. The new CHIP-IN steering committee could serve this purpose, but it lacks documented roles and responsibilities. Establishing a team with clear roles and responsibilities and identifying both available and needed staff resources could assist VA in partnering with additional donors and creating new opportunities to meet veterans' needs. GAO is recommending that VA: (1) establish pilot program objectives, (2) develop an assessment methodology and an evaluation plan, and (3) document roles and responsibilities and identify available and needed staff resources. VA concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 43543, "E2E_time": 6.085263281129301, "context_token": 7796}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) efforts to address lead paint hazards in federally-assisted housing. It highlights HUD's responsibilities, collaboration with other agencies, and the implementation of key regulations and grant programs. The report also identifies areas where HUD can improve its processes, compliance monitoring, and reporting to better protect children from lead exposure.\n\nThe report begins by outlining HUD's primary role in managing lead paint hazards, alongside the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). It details the Lead Safe Housing Rule and the Lead Disclosure Rule, which require landlords and sellers to disclose lead paint information and ensure housing units are lead-safe. Additionally, it covers HUD's lead hazard control grant programs, which have distributed over $527 million from 2013 to 2017 to address lead paint hazards.\n\nThe report identifies several challenges and areas for improvement. HUD lacks comprehensive documentation and evaluation processes for its grant programs, which could lead to inconsistent scoring and award decisions. It also notes that HUD's compliance monitoring for lead paint regulations relies heavily on self-certifications from public housing agencies (PHAs), which may not be reliable. Furthermore, the report highlights that HUD's inspection standards for the Housing Choice Voucher program are less stringent than those for public housing, potentially leaving children in voucher-assisted housing at greater risk.\n\nThe report concludes with nine recommendations for HUD to enhance its efforts, including improving grant documentation, strengthening compliance monitoring, aligning inspection standards across programs, and enhancing performance reporting. By addressing these areas, HUD can better ensure that housing units are lead-safe and protect children from the harmful effects of lead exposure.\n\nThe report underscores the importance of HUD's role in preventing lead exposure in low-income housing and the need for continuous improvement in its programs and oversight mechanisms to safeguard children's health and well-being.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) efforts to address lead paint hazards in federally-assisted housing, highlighting its responsibilities, collaborations with other agencies, and implementation of key regulations and grant programs. HUD, along with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), plays a crucial role in managing lead paint hazards. The report details HUD's Lead Safe Housing Rule and Lead Disclosure Rule, which mandate landlords and sellers to disclose lead paint information and ensure housing units are lead-safe. Additionally, HUD's lead hazard control grant programs have distributed over $527 million from 2013 to 2017 to mitigate lead paint hazards.\n\nHowever, the report identifies several challenges. HUD lacks comprehensive documentation and evaluation processes for its grant programs, potentially leading to inconsistent scoring and award decisions. Compliance monitoring for lead paint regulations relies heavily on self-certifications from public housing agencies (PHAs), which may not be reliable. Furthermore, HUD's inspection standards for the Housing Choice Voucher program are less stringent than those for public housing, potentially exposing children in voucher-assisted housing to greater risk.\n\nThe report concludes with nine recommendations for HUD to enhance its efforts, including improving grant documentation, strengthening compliance monitoring, aligning inspection standards across programs, and enhancing performance reporting. By addressing these areas, HUD can better ensure lead-safe housing and protect children from lead exposure, safeguarding their health and well-being.", "answers": ["Lead paint in housing is the most common source of lead exposure for U.S. children. HUD awards grants to state and local governments to reduce lead paint hazards in housing and oversees compliance with lead paint regulations in its rental assistance programs. The 2017 Consolidated Appropriations Act, Joint Explanatory Statement, includes a provision that GAO review HUD’s efforts to address lead paint hazards. This report examines HUD’s efforts to (1) incorporate statutory requirements and other relevant federal standards in its lead grant programs, (2) monitor and enforce compliance with lead paint regulations in its rental assistance programs, (3) adopt federal health guidelines and environmental standards for its lead grant and rental assistance programs, and (4) measure and report on the performance of its lead efforts. GAO reviewed HUD documents and data related to its grant programs, compliance efforts, performance measures, and reporting. GAO also interviewed HUD staff and some grantees. The Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) lead grant and rental assistance programs have taken steps to address lead paint hazards, but opportunities exist for improvement. For example, in 2016, HUD began using new tools to monitor how public housing agencies comply with lead paint regulations. However, HUD could further improve efforts in the following areas: Lead grant programs. While its recent grant award processes incorporate statutory requirements on applicant eligibility and selection criteria, HUD has not fully documented or evaluated these processes. For example, HUD’s guidance is not sufficiently detailed to ensure consistent and appropriate grant award decisions. Better documentation and evaluation of HUD’s grant program processes could help ensure that lead grants reach areas at risk of lead paint hazards. Further, HUD has not developed specific time frames for using available local-level data to better identify areas of the country at risk for lead paint hazards, which could help HUD target its limited resources. Oversight. HUD does not have a plan to mitigate and address risks related to noncompliance with lead paint regulations by public housing agencies. We identified several limitations with HUD’s monitoring efforts, including reliance on public housing agencies’ self-certifying compliance with lead paint regulations and challenges identifying children with elevated blood lead levels. Additionally, HUD lacks detailed procedures for addressing noncompliance consistently and in a timely manner. Developing a plan and detailed procedures to address noncompliance with lead paint regulations could strengthen HUD’s oversight of public housing agencies. Inspections. The lead inspection standard for the Housing Choice Voucher program is less strict than that of the public housing program. By requesting and obtaining statutory authority to amend the standard for the voucher program, HUD would be positioned to take steps to better protect children in voucher units from lead exposure as indicated by analysis of benefits and costs. Performance assessment and reporting. HUD lacks comprehensive goals and performance measures for its lead reduction efforts. In addition, it has not complied with annual statutory reporting requirements, last reporting as required on its lead efforts in 1997. Without better performance assessment and reporting, HUD cannot fully assess the effectiveness of its lead efforts. GAO makes nine recommendations to HUD including to improve lead grant program and compliance monitoring processes, request authority to amend its lead inspection standard in the voucher program, and take additional steps to report on progress. HUD generally agreed with eight of the recommendations. HUD disagreed that it should request authority to use a specific, stricter inspection standard. GAO revised this recommendation to allow HUD greater flexibility to amend its current inspection standard as indicated by analysis of the benefits and costs."], "length": 78872, "E2E_time": 13.653761602006853, "context_token": 14739}
{"pred": " The GPRA Modernization Act (GPRAMA) was enacted in 2010 to enhance the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) by addressing federal performance challenges. It introduced cross-agency priority (CAP) goals, agency priority goals (APGs), and data-driven reviews to improve collaboration and accountability. OMB and agencies have made progress, but challenges remain in fully implementing GPRAMA's provisions. The report highlights mixed progress in addressing governance challenges, including collaboration on crosscutting issues, the use of performance information, alignment of daily operations with results, and transparency. Key findings include limited progress in using performance information effectively, challenges in aligning individual performance with organizational goals, and the need for better transparency in reporting. The report concludes with recommendations for OMB to enhance implementation, including updating Performance.gov, resuming the program inventory, and expanding the use of data-driven reviews.\n</think>\n\nThe GPRA Modernization Act (GPRAMA) of 2010 was designed to enhance the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) by addressing federal performance challenges. It introduced cross-agency priority (CAP) goals, agency priority goals (APGs), and data-driven reviews to improve collaboration and accountability. While OMB and federal agencies have made progress in implementing GPRAMA, challenges persist in fully realizing its potential.\n\nKey findings from the report include:\n1. **Mixed Progress in Governance Challenges**: GPRAMA has made strides in fostering collaboration on crosscutting issues, but significant gaps remain. Agencies face difficulties in aligning daily operations with results and effectively using performance information for decision-making.\n2. **Limited Use of Performance Information**: Despite GPRAMA's requirements, federal managers report little improvement in using performance information to drive results. Data-driven reviews, though beneficial, are not widely implemented beyond APGs.\n3. **Alignment of Individual and Organizational Goals**: While some progress has been made in linking individual performance to organizational goals, there is room for improvement, particularly in ensuring accountability and meaningful distinctions in performance ratings.\n4. **Transparency and Accessibility**: The federal program inventory and Performance.gov face challenges in providing comprehensive and accessible information. OMB has postponed updates to the program inventory, and Performance.gov lacks clarity on reporting discontinuations.\n\nThe report concludes with recommendations for OMB to enhance GPRAMA's implementation, including updating Performance.gov to clarify reporting changes, resuming the program inventory with a systematic approach, and expanding the use of data-driven reviews beyond APGs to other performance goals and lower agency levels. These actions are critical to addressing governance challenges and improving federal performance.", "answers": ["Full implementation of GPRAMA could facilitate efforts to reform the federal government and make it more effective. GPRAMA includes a provision for GAO to review the act's implementation. This report assesses how GPRAMA implementation has affected the federal government's progress in resolving key governance challenges in (1) addressing cross-cutting issues, (2) ensuring performance information is useful and used, (3) aligning daily operations with results, and (4) building a more transparent and open government. To address these objectives, GAO reviewed statutory requirements, OMB guidance, and GAO's recent work related to GPRAMA implementation and the key governance challenges. GAO also interviewed OMB staff and surveyed a stratified random sample of 4,395 federal managers from 24 agencies on various performance and management topics. With a 67 percent response rate, the survey results are generalizable to the government-wide population of managers. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and agencies have made some progress in more fully implementing the GPRA Modernization Act (GPRAMA), but GAO's work and 2017 survey of federal managers highlight numerous areas where improvements are needed. Cross-cutting issues: Various GPRAMA provisions are aimed at addressing cross-cutting issues, such as cross-agency and agency priority goals and related data-driven reviews of progress towards those goals. To ensure alignment with the current administration's priorities, OMB's 2017 guidance removed the priority status of those goals, which stopped quarterly data-driven reviews and related public progress reports until new goals are published. OMB plans to resume implementation of these provisions in February 2018. GPRAMA also requires OMB and agencies to implement an inventory of federal programs, which could help decision makers better identify and manage fragmentation, overlap, and duplication. OMB and agencies implemented the inventory once, in May 2013. In October 2014, GAO found several issues limited the usefulness of that inventory. Since then, OMB has postponed updating the inventory, citing among other reasons the passage of subsequent laws. OMB has yet to develop a systematic approach for resuming implementation of the inventory and specific time frames for doing so. A systematic approach to developing the inventory could help ensure it provides useful information for decision makers and the public. Performance information: Survey results show federal managers generally reported no improvements in their use of performance information in decision making for various management activities, or practices that can enhance such use, since GAO's 2013 survey. For example, the use of performance information to streamline programs to reduce duplicative activities (an estimated 33 percent in 2017) is statistically significantly lower relative to 2013 (44 percent). In contrast, managers who were familiar with and whose programs were subject to quarterly data-driven reviews reported that those reviews were used to make progress toward agency priority goals. Identifying and sharing practices to expand the use of such reviews—for other performance goals and at lower levels within agencies—could lead to increased use of performance information. Daily operations: Agencies have made progress in developing results-oriented cultures but need to take additional actions. GAO's past work found that high-performing organizations use performance management systems to help individuals connect their daily activities to organizational goals. In 2017, about half of federal managers reported using performance information when setting expectations with employees (no change from GAO's last survey in 2013). Transparent and open government: GAO's past work identified a number of needed improvements to Performance.gov, the central government-wide website required by GPRAMA. The site is to provide quarterly updates on priority goals in effect through September 2017, but those updates stopped in December 2016. According to OMB, the existing information for cross-agency priority goals is the final update, and agencies should publish final updates on their priority goals in annual performance reports. Performance.gov does not provide users with this information, thereby limiting the transparency and accessibility of those results. In addition to following through on plans to resume implementation of key GPRAMA provisions, GAO recommends that OMB (1) consider a systematic approach to developing the program inventory, (2) revise guidance to provide specific time frames for inventory implementation, (3) identify and share practices for expanding the use of data-driven reviews, and (4) update Performance.gov to explain that reporting on priority goals was suspended and provide the location of final progress updates. OMB staff agreed with these recommendations."], "length": 138542, "E2E_time": 16.075225010048598, "context_token": 26968}
{"pred": " The Colorado River is a vital resource spanning seven U.S. states and Mexico, managed by the Bureau of Reclamation. It provides water for agriculture, municipalities, and industries, supports hydropower generation, and sustains ecosystems. The river faces challenges from prolonged drought, climate change, and competing demands. Recent agreements, like the 2007 Interim Guidelines and 2019 Drought Contingency Plans, aim to manage water shortages and storage. Congress plays a key role in funding and oversight of these efforts, as well as addressing tribal water rights and infrastructure development.\n</think>\n\nThe Colorado River, spanning seven U.S. states and Mexico, is a critical resource managed by the Bureau of Reclamation. It supplies water for agriculture, municipalities, and industries, generates hydropower, and supports ecosystems. Challenges include prolonged drought, climate change, and competing demands. Recent agreements, such as the 2007 Interim Guidelines and 2019 Drought Contingency Plans, aim to manage shortages and storage. Congress is pivotal in funding and overseeing these efforts, addressing tribal water rights, and infrastructure development.", "answers": ["The Colorado River Basin covers more than 246,000 square miles in seven U.S. states (Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, and California) and Mexico. Pursuant to federal law, the Bureau of Reclamation (part of the Department of the Interior) manages much of the basin's water supplies. Colorado River water is used primarily for agricultural irrigation and municipal and industrial (M&I) uses, but it also is important for power production, fish and wildlife, and recreational uses. In recent years, consumptive uses of Colorado River water have exceeded natural flows. This causes an imbalance in the basin's available supplies and competing demands. A drought in the basin dating to 2000 has raised the prospect of water delivery curtailments and decreased hydropower production, among other things. In the future, observers expect that increasing demand for supplies, coupled with the effects of climate change, will further increase the strain on the basin's limited water supplies. River Management The Law of the River is the commonly used shorthand for the multiple laws, court decisions, and other documents governing Colorado River operations. The foundational document of the Law of the River is the Colorado River Compact of 1922. Pursuant to the compact, the basin states established a framework to apportion the water supplies between the Upper and Lower Basins of the Colorado River, with the dividing line between the two basins at Lee Ferry, AZ (near the Utah border). The Upper and Lower Basins each were allocated 7.5 million acre-feet (MAF) annually under the Colorado River Compact; an additional 1.5 MAF in annual flows was made available to Mexico under a 1944 treaty. Future agreements and court decisions addressed numerous other issues (including intrastate allocations of flows), and subsequent federal legislation provided authority and funding for federal facilities that allowed users to develop their allocations. A Supreme Court ruling also confirmed that Congress designated the Secretary of the Interior as the water master for the Lower Basin, a role in which the federal government manages the delivery of all water below Hoover Dam. Reclamation and basin stakeholders closely track the status of two large reservoirs—Lake Powell in the Upper Basin and Lake Mead in the Lower Basin—as an indicator of basin storage conditions. Under recent guidelines, dam releases from these facilities are tied to specific water storage levels. For Lake Mead, the first tier of \"shortage,\" under which Arizona's and Nevada's allocations would be decreased, would be triggered if Lake Mead's January 1 elevation is expected to fall below 1,075 feet above mean sea level. As of early 2019, Reclamation projected that there was a 69% chance of a shortage condition at Lake Mead in 2020; there was also a lesser chance of Lake Powell reaching critically low levels. Improved hydrology in early 2019 may decrease the chances of shortage in the immediate future. Drought Contingency Plans Despite previous efforts to alleviate future shortages, the basin's hydrological outlook has generally worsened in recent years. After several years of negotiations, in early 2019 Reclamation and the basin states transmitted to Congress additional plans to alleviate stress on basin water supplies. These plans, known as the drought contingency plans (DCPs) for the Upper and Lower Basins, were authorized by Congress in April 2019 in the Colorado River Drought Contingency Plan Authorization Act (P.L. 116-14). The DCPs among other things obligate Lower Basin states to additional water supply cutbacks at specified storage levels (i.e., cutbacks beyond previous curtailment plans), commit Reclamation to additional water conservation efforts, and coordinate Upper Basin operations to protect Lake Powell storage levels and hydropower generation. Congressional Role Congress plays a multifaceted role in federal management of the Colorado River basin. Congress funds and oversees management of basin facilities, including operations and programs to protect and restore endangered species. It has also enacted and continues to consider Indian water rights settlements involving Colorado River waters and development of new water storage facilities in the basin. In addition, Congress has approved funding to mitigate water shortages and conserve basin water supplies and has enacted new authorities to combat drought and its effects on basin water users (i.e., the DCPs and other related efforts)."], "length": 46934, "E2E_time": 5.795165773946792, "context_token": 9942}
{"pred": " The report examines the availability and usefulness of government-wide data on federal collections of fees, fines, and penalties for congressional oversight. It highlights that while the federal government collects significant amounts through these means, there is no comprehensive, publicly accessible source of data detailing these collections. The report identifies challenges in the current reporting systems, such as lack of disaggregated data and inconsistent definitions, which hinder transparency and oversight. It also discusses the potential benefits of improved data reporting, including increased transparency and better-informed decision-making, while acknowledging the resource-intensive nature of developing such a system. The report concludes with recommendations for the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to enhance data availability and accuracy.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the availability and utility of government-wide data on federal collections of fees, fines, and penalties for congressional oversight. Despite the federal government collecting substantial funds through these means, no comprehensive, publicly accessible source provides detailed information on these collections. Current reporting systems face challenges, such as insufficiently disaggregated data and inconsistent definitions, which impede transparency and oversight efforts. The report underscores the potential benefits of improved data reporting, including enhanced transparency and more informed decision-making, while recognizing the significant resources required to develop such a system. It concludes with recommendations for the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to improve data availability, accuracy, and accessibility.", "answers": ["Congress has authorized federal agencies to collect hundreds of billions of dollars annually in fees, fines, and penalties. These collections can fund a variety of programs, including programs related to national security, and the protection of natural resources. Data on collections are important for congressional oversight and to provide transparency in agencies' use of federal resources. GAO was asked to review the availability of government-wide data on fees, fines, and penalties. This report examines (1) the extent to which data on collections of fees, fines, and penalties are publically available and useful for the purpose of congressional oversight; and (2) the benefits and challenges to government-wide reporting of fees, fines, and penalties. GAO assessed government-wide fee, fine, and penalty data against criteria for availability and usefulness based on multiple sources, including prior GAO work and input from staff of selected congressional committees. GAO interviewed OMB staff, Treasury officials, and representatives of organizations with expertise in federal budget issues and reviewed prior GAO work to identify benefits and challenges of reporting these data. There are no comprehensive, government-wide data at the level of detail that identifies specific fees, fines, or penalties. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Department of the Treasury (Treasury) report data that include these collections at the budget account level, which generally covers a set of agency activities or programs. OMB and Treasury also report some summary data for budgeting and financial management purposes. In the Budget of the U.S. Government , for example, OMB data showed government-wide fees totaled just over $335 billion in fiscal year 2017. These reports, however, are not designed to inventory or analyze fee, fine, or penalty collections and have significant limitations for that purpose. Although OMB collects more disaggregated data on fees, fines, and penalties, it does not make the data publicly available. OMB uses the disaggregated data in its OMB MAX database—such as the agency and account—to compile reported totals, such as the government-wide fees total in the Budget of the U.S. Government . Until OMB makes more disaggregated data publicly available, Congress has limited information on collections by agency to inform oversight and decision-making. OMB's government-wide total of fees includes collections that are not fees and excludes some fee collections. The total includes all collections for accounts in which fees make up at least half of the account's collections and excludes all others. OMB does not direct agencies to regularly review and update the accounts included in the total. Therefore, if accounts' makeups change such that fee collections drop below, or rise above, the 50 percent threshold, accounts may have incorrect fee designations and the total may be inaccurate. Further, OMB does not disclose the limitation that the total may exclude some fees and include other collections that are not fees. As a result, some users of the data are likely unaware of the potential for the total fees to be overestimated or underestimated. Further, no source of government-wide data consistently reports data elements on fees, fines, and penalties that could help inform congressional oversight. Generally, congressional staff told us that additional data, such as amounts of specific penalties, would increase transparency and facilitate oversight. These data could help Congress identify trends in collections and significant changes that could be an indication of an agency's performance. While reporting government-wide fee, fine, and penalty data provides benefits, there are trade-offs in terms of the time and federal resources it would take to develop and implement a process for agencies to report these data. The level of federal investment would vary depending on factors, such as the number of data elements included and the level of detail reported. Developing a comprehensive and accessible data source would provide greater benefits, but would likely be resource intensive. Alternatively, incorporating a small number of data elements that Congress identifies as most useful for oversight into ongoing government-wide reporting efforts could incrementally improve transparency and information for oversight and decision-making, with fewer resources. GAO is making four recommendations to enhance OMB reporting on fees, fines, and penalties, including making disaggregated data publically available, updating instructions to federal agencies to review accounts designated as containing fees, and disclosing limitations in data reported. OMB did not provide comments."], "length": 59051, "E2E_time": 6.573878890834749, "context_token": 10773}
{"pred": " The Small Business Administration (SBA) operates the 7(a) loan guaranty program to support small businesses by encouraging lenders to provide loans that might not otherwise be available. The program, established under the Small Business Act of 1953, allows proceeds to be used for various business purposes, including establishing, operating, acquiring, or expanding a business. In FY2018, the SBA approved 60,353 loans totaling nearly $25.4 billion, with an average loan amount of $420,401. The program has seen fluctuations in loan volume over the years, influenced by economic conditions and legislative changes.\n\nThe 7(a) program includes subprograms like SBAExpress, Export Express, and Community Advantage, each tailored to specific borrower groups. These subprograms streamline loan processes and offer specialized support, such as increased loan limits or targeted fee waivers for veterans. The SBA has implemented measures to enhance lender oversight and improve program performance, including adopting risk-based lender reviews and developing quality control programs.\n\nCongress has played a significant role in shaping the 7(a) program, providing funding to temporarily reduce fees and increase loan guaranty percentages during economic downturns. Recent legislative actions have focused on increasing loan limits, enhancing access for underserved communities, and supporting employee-owned businesses. Despite these efforts, challenges remain in measuring the program's impact on job creation and business success, with recommendations for adopting outcome-based performance measures.\n\nOverall, the 7(a) program remains a critical tool for small businesses, providing access to capital and supporting economic growth. However, ongoing improvements in oversight, performance measurement, and legislative support are essential to ensure the program's continued effectiveness.\n</think>\n\nThe Small Business Administration (SBA) administers the 7(a) loan guaranty program to support small businesses by encouraging lenders to provide loans that might not otherwise be available. Established under the Small Business Act of 1953, the program allows proceeds to be used for various purposes, such as establishing, operating, acquiring, or expanding a business. In FY2018, the SBA approved 60,353 loans totaling nearly $25.4 billion, with an average loan amount of $420,401. The program has experienced fluctuations in loan volume, influenced by economic conditions and legislative changes.\n\nThe 7(a) program includes subprograms like SBAExpress, Export Express, and Community Advantage, each tailored to specific borrower groups. These subprograms streamline loan processes and offer specialized support, such as increased loan limits or targeted fee waivers for veterans. The SBA has implemented measures to enhance lender oversight and improve program performance, including adopting risk-based lender reviews and developing quality control programs.\n\nCongress has significantly shaped the 7(a) program, providing funding to temporarily reduce fees and increase loan guaranty percentages during economic downturns. Recent legislative actions have focused on increasing loan limits, enhancing access for underserved communities, and supporting employee-owned businesses. Despite these efforts, challenges remain in measuring the program's impact on job creation and business success, with recommendations for adopting outcome-based performance measures.\n\nOverall, the 7(a) program remains a critical tool for small businesses, providing access to capital and supporting economic growth. However, ongoing improvements in oversight, performance measurement, and legislative support are essential to ensure the program's continued effectiveness.", "answers": ["The Small Business Administration (SBA) administers several programs to support small businesses, including loan guaranty programs designed to encourage lenders to provide loans to small businesses \"that might not otherwise obtain financing on reasonable terms and conditions.\" The SBA's 7(a) loan guaranty program is considered the agency's flagship loan program. Its name is derived from Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act of 1953 (P.L. 83-163, as amended), which authorizes the SBA to provide business loans and loan guaranties to American small businesses. In FY2018, the SBA approved 60,353 7(a) loans totaling nearly $25.4 billion. The average approved 7(a) loan amount was $420,401. Proceeds from 7(a) loans may be used to establish a new business or to assist in the operation, acquisition, or expansion of an existing business. This report discusses the rationale provided for the 7(a) program; the program's borrower and lender eligibility standards and program requirements; and program statistics, including loan volume, loss rates, use of proceeds, borrower satisfaction, and borrower demographics. It also examines issues raised concerning the SBA's administration of the 7(a) program, including the oversight of 7(a) lenders and the program's lack of outcome-based performance measures. The report also surveys congressional and presidential actions taken in recent years to enhance small businesses' access to capital. For example, Congress approved legislation during the 111th Congress to provide more than $1.1 billion to temporarily subsidize the 7(a) and 504/Certified Development Companies (504/CDC) loan guaranty programs' fees and temporarily increase the 7(a) program's maximum loan guaranty percentage to 90% (funding was exhausted on January 3, 2011); raise the 7(a) program's gross loan limit from $2 million to $5 million; and establish an alternative size standard for the 7(a) and 504/CDC loan programs. The SBA waived the up-front, one-time loan guaranty fee for smaller 7(a) loans from FY2014 through FY2018; and is waiving the annual service fee for 7(a) loans of $150,000 or less made to small businesses located in a rural area or a HUBZone and reducing the up-front one-time guaranty fee for these loans from 2.0% to 0.6667% of the guaranteed portion of the loan in FY2019. The SBA has also waived the up-front, one-time loan guaranty fee for veteran loans under the SBAExpress program (up to $350,000) since January 1, 2014; and reduced the up-front, one-time loan guaranty fee on non-SBAExpress 7(a) loans to veterans from FY2015 through FY2018. P.L. 114-38, the Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015, provided statutory authorization and made permanent the veteran's fee waiver under the SBAExpress program, except during any upcoming fiscal year for which the President's budget, submitted to Congress, includes a cost for the 7(a) program, in its entirety, that is above zero. Congress also approved legislation that increased the 7(a) program's authorization limit from $18.75 billion (on disbursements) in FY2014 to $23.5 billion in FY2015, $26.5 billion in FY2016, $27.5 billion in FY2017, $29.0 billion in FY2018, and $30 billion in FY2019. P.L. 115-189, the Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018, among other provisions, codified the SBA's Office of Credit Risk Management; required that office to annually undertake and report the findings of a risk analysis of the 7(a) program's loan portfolio; created a lender oversight committee within the SBA; authorized the Director of the Office of Credit Risk Management to undertake informal and formal enforcement actions against 7(a) lenders under specified conditions; redefined the credit elsewhere requirement; and authorized the SBA Administrator, starting in FY2019 and after providing at least 30 days' notice to specified congressional committees, to increase the amount of 7(a) loans not more than once during any fiscal year to not more than 115% of the 7(a) program's authorization limit. The Appendix provides a brief description of the 7(a) program's SBAExpress, Export Express, and Community Advantage programs."], "length": 89754, "E2E_time": 16.330406706780195, "context_token": 21299}
{"pred": " The Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) was established in 1968 under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to provide free meals to children aged 18 and under in low-income areas during school breaks, primarily the summer months. The program is administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) at the federal level, with state agencies and local sponsors responsible for implementation. Between fiscal years 2007 and 2016, the number of meals served increased by 32%, reaching 149 million in 2016, though there was a slight decrease between 2015 and 2016. The report highlights challenges such as inconsistent participation estimates, limited meal site availability in rural areas, safety concerns, and administrative burdens. FNS has taken steps to address these issues through flexibilities, grants, and partnerships, but further improvements are needed to enhance program effectiveness and ensure all eligible children receive nutritious meals during the summer.\n</think>\n\nThe Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), established in 1968 under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, provides free meals to children aged 18 and under in low-income areas during school breaks, primarily the summer months. Administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) at the federal level, the program relies on state agencies and local sponsors for implementation. Between fiscal years 2007 and 2016, the number of meals served increased by 32%, reaching 149 million in 2016, though there was a slight decrease between 2015 and 2016. The report identifies challenges such as inconsistent participation estimates, limited meal site availability in rural areas, safety concerns, and administrative burdens. FNS has addressed these issues through flexibilities, grants, and partnerships, but further improvements are needed to enhance program effectiveness and ensure all eligible children receive nutritious meals during the summer.", "answers": ["The SFSP, a federal nutrition assistance program, is intended to provide food to children in low-income areas during periods when area schools are closed for vacation. In the last decade, federal expenditures for SFSP have increased as the program has expanded, according to USDA data. GAO was asked to review the SFSP. This report examines (1) what is known about SFSP participation, (2) other programs that help feed low-income children over the summer, and (3) challenges, if any, in providing summer meals to children and the extent to which USDA provides assistance to address these challenges. GAO reviewed relevant federal laws, regulations, and guidance; analyzed USDA's SFSP data for fiscal years 2007 through 2016; surveyed state agencies responsible for administering the SFSP in 50 states and the District of Columbia; visited a nongeneralizable group of 3 states and 30 meal sites, selected based on Census data on child poverty rates and urban and rural locations; analyzed meal site data from the 3 states; and interviewed USDA, state and national organization officials, and SFSP providers, including sponsors and site operators. Nationwide, the total number of meals served to children in low-income areas through the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) increased from 113 to 149 million (about 32 percent) from fiscal year 2007 through 2016. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) directs states to use the number of meals served, along with other data, to estimate the number of children participating in the SFSP. However, participation estimates have been calculated inconsistently from state to state and year to year. In 2017, USDA took steps to improve the consistency of participation estimates, noting they are critical for informing program implementation and strategic planning. However, GAO determined that the method USDA directs states to use will continue to provide unreliable estimates of participation, hindering USDA's ability to use them for these purposes. Other federal and nonfederal programs help feed low-income children over the summer to some extent, according to states GAO surveyed and SFSP providers and others GAO interviewed. For example, in July 2016, USDA data indicate about 26 million meals were served through a separate federal program that allows school meal providers to serve summer meals. Some children also received summer meals through nonfederal programs operated by faith-based organizations and foodbanks, though GAO's state survey and interviews with providers and national organizations indicate the reach of such efforts is limited. States and SFSP providers reported challenges with meal sites, participation, and program administration; USDA has taken steps to address these areas. Specifically, in GAO's survey, a majority of states reported challenges with availability and awareness of meal sites, as well as limited program participation and administrative capacity. National, state, and local officials have taken steps to address these issues, such as increasing outreach and offering activities to attract participation. In addition, 17 states in GAO's survey and providers in the states GAO visited reported a challenge with ensuring meal sites are in safe locations. To address this safety issue, USDA has granted some states and sponsors flexibility from the requirement that children consume meals on-site. However, USDA has not broadly communicated the circumstances it considers when granting this flexibility. Further, some states and sponsors that have requested this flexibility reported difficulty obtaining data to show these circumstances exist, hampering their ability to ensure safe meal delivery. GAO is making four recommendations, including that USDA improve estimates of children's participation in SFSP and communicate the circumstances it considers when granting flexibilities to ensure safe meal delivery. USDA generally agreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 70754, "E2E_time": 9.5755663709715, "context_token": 13462}
{"pred": " The report discusses the challenges faced by the Medicare program, particularly in combating fraud, waste, and abuse. It highlights the program's significant size and complexity, which make it vulnerable to these issues. The report outlines the efforts made by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) to address these challenges through various program-integrity initiatives and collaborations with stakeholders. However, it also identifies gaps in CMS's approach, such as the lack of a comprehensive fraud risk assessment and a documented antifraud strategy. The report emphasizes the need for CMS to align its efforts with the Fraud Risk Framework to enhance its fraud risk management capabilities and ensure the program's integrity.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the challenges Medicare faces in addressing fraud, waste, and abuse, emphasizing its large size and complexity, which make it susceptible to these issues. Medicare, administered by CMS, is a major program with significant expenditures, making it a high-risk target. The report details CMS's efforts to combat these issues through program-integrity initiatives and collaborations with stakeholders, such as contractors, health-insurance plans, and law enforcement. However, it identifies key gaps in CMS's approach, including the absence of a comprehensive fraud risk assessment and a documented antifraud strategy. The report underscores the importance of aligning CMS's efforts with the Fraud Risk Framework to improve fraud risk management and ensure the program's integrity. It also highlights the need for CMS to enhance training for its workforce and develop a strategic approach to address the most significant fraud risks effectively.", "answers": ["Medicare covered over 58 million people in 2017 and has wide-ranging impact on the health-care sector and the overall U.S. economy. However, the billions of dollars in Medicare outlays as well as program complexity make it susceptible to improper payments, including fraud. Although there are no reliable estimates of fraud in Medicare, in fiscal year 2017 improper payments for Medicare were estimated at about $52 billion. Further, about $1.4 billion was returned to Medicare Trust Funds in fiscal year 2017 as a result of recoveries, fines, and asset forfeitures. In December 2017, GAO issued a report examining how CMS managed its fraud risks overall and particularly the extent to which its efforts in the Medicare and Medicaid programs aligned with GAO's Framework. This testimony, based on that report, discusses the extent to which CMS's management of fraud risks in Medicare aligns with the Framework. For the report, GAO reviewed CMS policies and interviewed officials and external stakeholders. In its December 2017 report, GAO found that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' (CMS) antifraud efforts for Medicare partially align with GAO's 2015 A Framework for Managing Fraud Risks in Federal Programs (Framework). The Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015 required OMB to incorporate leading practices identified in this Framework in its guidance to agencies on addressing fraud risks. Consistent with the Framework, GAO determined that CMS had demonstrated commitment to combating fraud by creating a dedicated entity to lead antifraud efforts; the Center for Program Integrity (CPI) serves as this entity for fraud, waste, and abuse issues in Medicare. CMS also promoted an antifraud culture by, for example, coordinating with internal stakeholders to incorporate antifraud features into new program design. To increase awareness of fraud risks in Medicare, CMS offered and required training for stakeholder groups such as providers of medical services, but it did not offer or require similar fraud-awareness training for most of its workforce. CMS took some steps to identify fraud risks in Medicare; however, it had not conducted a fraud risk assessment or designed and implemented a risk-based antifraud strategy for Medicare as defined in the Framework. CMS identified fraud risks through control activities that target areas the agency designated as higher risk within Medicare, including specific provider types, such as home health agencies. Building on earlier steps and conducting a fraud risk assessment, consistent with the Framework, would provide the detailed information and insights needed to create a fraud risk profile, which, in turn, is the basis for creating an antifraud strategy. CMS established monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for its program-integrity control activities that, if aligned with an antifraud strategy, could enhance the effectiveness of fraud risk management in Medicare. For example, CMS used return-on-investment and savings estimates to measure the effectiveness of its Medicare program-integrity activities. In developing an antifraud strategy, consistent with the Framework, CMS could include plans for refining and building on existing methods such as return-on-investment, to evaluate the effectiveness of all of its antifraud efforts. In its December 2017 report, GAO made three recommendations, namely that CMS (1) require and provide fraud-awareness training to its employees; (2) conduct fraud risk assessments; and (3) create an antifraud strategy for Medicare, including an approach for evaluation. The Department of Health and Human Services agreed with these recommendations and reportedly is evaluating options to implement them. Accordingly, the recommendations remain open."], "length": 39440, "E2E_time": 5.978218999225646, "context_token": 7225}
{"pred": " The report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) evaluates the Social Security Administration's (SSA) IT management and its efforts to modernize and improve its systems. The SSA administers three main programs: Old-Age and Survivors Insurance, Disability Insurance, and Supplemental Security Income, which together serve millions of beneficiaries annually. The report highlights SSA's reliance on IT systems to manage these programs and the challenges it faces in IT management, including outdated infrastructure, difficulties in modernizing systems, and compliance with federal IT policies like FITARA and Executive Order 13833. GAO found that SSA has made progress in addressing some IT management weaknesses, such as data center consolidation, incremental development, IT acquisitions, and software licenses, but still needs to fully integrate the CIO's role in key management areas. The report concludes that while SSA has taken steps to improve, further action is needed to address remaining IT management challenges and ensure effective support for its mission.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report assesses the Social Security Administration's (SSA) IT management and modernization efforts. SSA administers three programs—Old-Age and Survivors Insurance, Disability Insurance, and Supplemental Security Income—serving millions annually. The report emphasizes SSA's dependence on IT systems for program administration and highlights challenges, including outdated infrastructure and difficulties in modernizing systems. SSA has made progress in areas like data center consolidation, incremental development, IT acquisitions, and software licenses, but struggles remain, particularly in fully integrating the CIO's role in key management areas. The report concludes that while SSA has improved, further action is needed to address IT management challenges and support its mission effectively.", "answers": ["SSA delivers services that touch the lives of almost every American, and relies heavily on IT resources to do so. Its systems support a range of activities, such as processing Disability Insurance payments, to calculating and withholding Medicare premiums, and issuing Social Security numbers and cards. For fiscal year 2018, the agency planned to spend approximately $1.6 billion on IT. GAO has previously reported that federal IT projects have often failed, in part, due to a lack of oversight and governance. Given the challenges that federal agencies, including SSA, have encountered in managing IT acquisitions, Congress and the administration have taken steps to improve federal IT, including enacting federal IT acquisition reform legislation and issuing related guidance. This statement summarizes GAO's previously reported findings regarding SSA's management of IT acquisitions and operations. In developing this testimony, GAO summarized findings from its reports issued in 2011 through 2018, and information on SSA's actions in response to GAO's recommendations. The Social Security Administration (SSA) has improved its management of information technology (IT) acquisitions and operations by addressing 14 of the 15 recommendations that GAO has made to the agency. For example, Incremental development . The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has emphasized the need for agencies to deliver IT investments in smaller increments to reduce risk and deliver capabilities more quickly. In November 2017, GAO reported that agencies, including SSA, needed to improve their certification of incremental development. As a result, GAO recommended that SSA's CIO (1) report incremental development information accurately, and (2) update its incremental development policy and processes. SSA implemented both recommendations. Software licenses . Effective management of software licenses can help avoid purchasing too many licenses that result in unused software. In May 2014, GAO reported that most agencies, including SSA, lacked comprehensive software license policies. As a result, GAO made six recommendations to SSA, to include developing a comprehensive software licenses policy and inventory. SSA implemented all six recommendations. However, SSA's IT management policies have not fully addressed the role of its CIO. Various laws and related guidance assign IT management responsibilities to CIOs in six key areas. In August 2018, GAO reported that SSA had fully addressed the role of the CIO in one of the six areas (see table). Specifically, SSA's policies fully addressed the CIO's role in the IT leadership and accountability area by requiring the CIO to report directly to the agency head, among other things. In contrast, SSA's policies did not address or minimally addressed the IT workforce and IT strategic planning areas. For example, SSA's policies did not include requirements for the CIO to annually assess the extent to which personnel meet IT management skill requirements or to measure how well IT supports agency programs. GAO recommended that SSA address the weaknesses in the remaining five key areas. SSA agreed with GAO's recommendation and stated that the agency plans to implement the recommendation by the end of this month. GAO has made 15 recommendations to SSA to improve its management of IT acquisitions and operations from 2011 through 2018, and 1 recommendation to improve its CIO policies. While SSA has implemented nearly all of them, it would be better positioned to overcome longstanding IT management challenges when it addresses the CIO's role in its policies."], "length": 24837, "E2E_time": 5.920289350207895, "context_token": 4759}
{"pred": " The report discusses the role of user fees and charges in federal government funding, examining their economic and administrative implications. It highlights how fees are used to fund specific government services, such as national parks and regulatory activities, and contrasts them with taxes. The report also explores the advantages and challenges of relying on user fees, including their potential to decentralize decision-making and the concerns about bypassing congressional oversight. Additionally, it delves into the budgetary treatment of fees, the role of agencies like OMB and GAO, and the broader policy considerations in balancing user fees with general taxation.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the role of user fees and charges in federal government funding, exploring their economic and administrative implications. It explains how fees are used to fund specific government services, such as national parks and regulatory activities, and contrasts them with taxes. The report highlights the advantages of user fees, including their voluntary nature, ability to connect costs to beneficiaries, and potential to decentralize decision-making. However, it also addresses challenges, such as concerns about bypassing congressional oversight and the instability of fee revenue during economic downturns.\n\nThe report delves into the budgetary treatment of fees, noting that they can be classified as offsetting collections or receipts, and discusses the roles of agencies like the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) in managing and overseeing these funds. It also examines the broader policy considerations, including the balance between user fees and general taxation, and the potential for fees to influence agency priorities toward industry interests.\n\nAdditionally, the report considers the economic principles underlying user fees, such as the benefit principle and Pigou taxation, and discusses how fees can be designed to enhance efficiency and fairness. It also raises concerns about the potential for fees to limit access to public services, particularly for low-income households, and the challenges of aligning fees with the incremental costs of services.\n\nOverall, the report provides a comprehensive analysis of the role of user fees in federal funding, highlighting their benefits and challenges, and offering insights into the policy considerations and administrative frameworks that govern their use.", "answers": ["The federal government collects various fees from businesses and households. Choosing to raise public funds via user fees, as opposed to other means such as taxes, has important administrative and economic consequences. Many fees stem from \"business-like activities,\" in which the government provides a service or benefit in return for payment. For example, many national parks charge entry fees, which then help fund maintenance projects. Such fees and charges that result from voluntary choices, such as entering a national park, are distinguished from taxes—which stem from the government's sovereign power to compel payments. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) defines a user fee as a \"fee assessed to users for goods or services provided by the federal government. User fees generally apply to federal programs or activities that provide special benefits to identifiable recipients above and beyond what is normally available to the public.\" User fees and charges have several advantages as a means of financing public activities. They are voluntary, they connect the burden of financing activities to those who directly benefit from them, and can help decentralize decisionmaking by bypassing centralized allocation of resources. Some have expressed concerns that user fee arrangements may bypass regular congressional scrutiny and dilute Congress's power of the purse. Collections of fees and charges may also be more sensitive to economic fluctuations, which could complicate financing of programs dependent on those revenue streams. Many user fees or charges are classified as offsetting collections, which are deposited into expenditure accounts. Offsetting collections can be used to offset agency spending and typically require no further congressional approval to use. Other fees and charges are classified as offsetting receipts, which are collected into revenue accounts and typically require congressional authorization to be spent. User fees and charges can be classified as discretionary or mandatory spending, depending on how they are legally authorized. The levels and administration of some fees are specified in detailed statutory text, while other fees are created under broader agency authorities. Certain agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), have increased their reliance on user fees in past decades. Some critics have raised concerns that increased reliance on user fees could shift incentives facing those agencies. Some legislative proposals, such as H.R. 850 introduced in the 115th Congress, would limit or eliminate most exceptions and require most fees and charges to be deposited in the U.S. Treasury General Fund. Congress could fund agencies and activities now funded in whole or in part via user fees directly through the annual appropriations process. Such proposals would mark a departure from past practice. Statutory text governing many fees has evolved over many years and involves substantive policy decisions, often related to the industry or programmatic concerns. A general change in funding from user fees and charges to annual appropriations would likely shift the division of responsibilities between authorizing committees and appropriations committees. Congress may also enhance its oversight of agencies reliant on user fees by requiring more timely and detailed financial reports as well as more precise and systematic explanations of linkages between those fees and associated programs. Congress could also ask for greater transparency in fiscal data. While the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the U.S. Treasury Bureau of the Fiscal Service provide extensive data on user fees and charges, it is difficult to conduct governmentwide analyses using publicly available sources. Congress could mandate more detailed and more easily accessed data on user fees and charges. Additional funding may be needed to develop the capacity to issue those data."], "length": 26793, "E2E_time": 6.915949982125312, "context_token": 4835}
{"pred": " The U.S. Constitution assigns the President as commander-in-chief, granting authority over military bases, while Congress oversees funding and policy. Historically, the President had broad control, but Congress introduced restrictions in 1977, leading to the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process in 1988. BRAC involves an independent commission reviewing closure recommendations, with Congress having the power to disapprove. Despite cost savings claims, BRAC rounds have faced challenges, including underestimated costs and inconsistent data. Recent years have seen reduced support for new BRAC rounds, with DOD focusing on internal reforms and environmental cleanup. The report highlights the complexities and controversies surrounding military base management and closure processes.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Constitution assigns the President as commander-in-chief, granting authority over military bases, while Congress oversees funding and policy. Historically, the President had broad control, but Congress introduced restrictions in 1977, leading to the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process in 1988. BRAC involves an independent commission reviewing closure recommendations, with Congress having the power to disapprove. Despite cost savings claims, BRAC rounds have faced challenges, including underestimated costs and inconsistent data. Recent years have seen reduced support for new BRAC rounds, with DOD focusing on internal reforms and environmental cleanup. The report highlights the complexities and controversies surrounding military base management and closure processes.", "answers": ["Since 1977, statutory thresholds have effectively constrained the President's ability to close or realign major military installations in the United States. Congress has instead periodically granted temporary authorities—known as a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC)—that have established independent commissions for the review and approval of basing changes submitted by the Secretary of Defense. These unique and transient authorities last expired on April 16, 2006. There have been five rounds of base closures: 1988, 1991, 1993, 1995, and 2005. Though Congress has periodically adjusted the BRAC process to account for lessons learned, the modern framework has remained generally consistent with earlier rounds, and includes establishment of an independent commission; reliance on objective and uniform criteria; Government Accountability Office (GAO) review and certification of Department of Defense (DOD) data; deliberations designed to be transparent that include open hearings, solicitation of feedback, installation visits, and data available for public review; and requirement that the final list of closure and realignment recommendations be accepted or rejected in their entirety. Congress has defined BRAC selection criteria in statute, thus requiring the Secretary to prioritize military value over cost savings. Additionally, Congress has required the Secretary to align the Department's recommendations with a comprehensive 20-year force structure plan. The commission may modify, reject, or add recommendations during its review before forwarding a final list to the President. After receiving the Commission's list of recommendations, the President may either accept the report in its entirety or seek to modify it by indicating disapproval and returning it to the commission for further evaluation. If the President accepts the commission's recommendations, they are forwarded to Congress. BRAC implementation begins by default unless Congress rejects the recommendations in their entirety within 45 days by enacting a joint resolution. During the implementation phase, DOD is required to initiate closures and realignments within two years and complete all actions within six years. The BRAC process represents a legislative compromise between the executive and legislative branches wherein each shares power in managing the closure and realignment of military bases. The imposition of an independent, third-party mediator was intended to insulate base closings from political considerations by both branches that had complicated similar actions in the past. This report provides background on the development of BRAC, describes its major elements and milestones, and outlines issues frequently cited in the context of new rounds, such as potential savings."], "length": 33458, "E2E_time": 5.659398130141199, "context_token": 6752}
{"pred": " Title IV of the Higher Education Act (HEA) provides financial assistance to students attending eligible institutions of higher education (IHEs). In the 2016-2017 academic year, 6,760 institutions were classified as Title IV eligible, with 42.9% being for-profit. The report outlines the eligibility criteria for IHEs, including state authorization, accreditation, and federal certification. It also discusses program integrity, financial responsibility, and specific requirements for different types of institutions, such as the 90/10 rule for proprietary schools. Additionally, the report covers related topics like gainful employment, distance education, and the Clery Act.\n</think>\n\n**Summary: Title IV of the Higher Education Act (HEA) provides financial assistance to students attending eligible institutions of higher education (IHEs). In the 2016-2017 academic year, 6,760 institutions were classified as Title IV eligible, with 42.9% being for-profit. The report outlines the eligibility criteria for IHEs, including state authorization, accreditation, and federal certification. It also discusses program integrity, financial responsibility, and specific requirements for different types of institutions, such as the 90/10 rule for proprietary schools. Additionally, the report covers related topics like gainful employment, distance education, and the Clery Act.**", "answers": ["Title IV of the Higher Education Act (HEA) authorizes programs that provide financial assistance to students to assist them in obtaining a postsecondary education at certain institutions of higher education (IHEs). These IHEs include public, private nonprofit, and proprietary institutions. For students attending such institutions to be able to receive Title IV assistance, an institution must meet basic criteria, including offering at least one eligible program of education (e.g., programs leading to a degree or preparing a student for gainful employment in a recognized occupation). In addition, an IHE must satisfy the program integrity triad, under which it must be licensed or otherwise legally authorized to operate in the state in which it is physically located, accredited or preaccredited by an agency recognized for that purpose by the Department of Education (ED), and certified by ED as eligible to participate in Title IV programs. These requirements are intended to provide a balance between consumer protection, quality assurance, and oversight and compliance in postsecondary education providers participating in Title IV student aid programs. An IHE must also fulfill a variety of other related requirements, including those that relate to institutional recruiting practices, student policies and procedures, and the administration of the Title IV student aid programs. Finally, additional criteria may apply to an institution depending on its control or the type of educational programs it offers. For example, proprietary institutions must meet HEA requirements that are otherwise inapplicable to public and private nonprofit institutions, including deriving at least 10% of their revenues from non-Title IV funds (also known as the 90/10 rule). While an institution is ineligible to participate in Title IV programs if more than 50% of its courses are offered by correspondence or if 50% or more of its students are enrolled in correspondence courses. This report first describes the types of institutions eligible to participate in Title IV programs and discusses the program integrity triad. It then discusses additional issues related to institutional eligibility, including program participations agreements, required campus safety policies and crime reporting, and distance and correspondence education."], "length": 54095, "E2E_time": 6.674800483044237, "context_token": 10145}
{"pred": " The report discusses the potential impact of a Foot-and-Mouth Disease (FMD) outbreak in the United States, outlining the disease's characteristics, economic consequences, and the roles of various stakeholders in prevention and response. FMD is a highly contagious viral disease affecting cloven-hoofed animals, causing significant productivity losses without high mortality rates. The United States has not experienced an FMD outbreak since 1929, but its large, mobile livestock sector makes it vulnerable. The report highlights the importance of surveillance, diagnostics, and biosecurity measures, as well as the challenges in vaccination and resource management. It also examines the corrective actions identified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to mitigate these challenges, emphasizing the need for better prioritization and monitoring of these actions to ensure effective preparedness and response strategies.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the potential impact of a Foot-and-Mouth Disease (FMD) outbreak in the United States, detailing the disease's characteristics, economic implications, and the roles of various stakeholders in prevention and response. FMD, a highly contagious viral disease affecting cloven-hoofed animals, causes significant productivity losses without high mortality rates. The U.S. has not had an FMD outbreak since 1929, but its large, mobile livestock sector makes it vulnerable. The report underscores the importance of surveillance, diagnostics, and biosecurity measures, while also addressing challenges in vaccination and resource management. It highlights corrective actions identified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to mitigate these challenges, emphasizing the need for better prioritization and monitoring of these actions to ensure effective preparedness and response strategies.", "answers": ["FMD is a highly contagious viral disease that causes painful lesions on the hooves and mouths of some livestock, making it difficult for them to stand or eat, thus greatly reducing meat and milk production. The United States has not had an FMD outbreak since 1929, but FMD is present in much of the world. An FMD outbreak in the United States could have serious economic impacts, in part because trade partners would likely halt all imports of U.S. livestock and livestock products until the disease was eradicated. These imports were valued at more than $19 billion in 2017. GAO was asked to review USDA's efforts to prepare for an FMD outbreak. This report examines (1) USDA's planned approach for responding to an FMD outbreak; (2) challenges USDA would face in pursuing its response goals; and (3) how USDA identifies, prioritizes, and monitors corrective actions to mitigate the challenges. GAO observed a USDA FMD preparedness exercise; reviewed agency documents and nongeneralizable questionnaire responses from 29 respondents from federal and state government, livestock industries, and universities; and interviewed officials from federal and state governments and representatives of livestock industries and universities. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) planned approach for responding to an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) includes several strategies. These strategies generally rely on killing infected and susceptible animals, vaccinating uninfected animals, or a combination of both approaches. USDA would implement one or more of the strategies, depending on factors such as the outbreak's size and the resources available, according to agency documents. USDA would likely face significant challenges in pursuing its response goals of detecting, controlling, and containing FMD quickly; eradicating FMD while seeking to stabilize industry and the economy; and facilitating continuity of commerce in uninfected animals. GAO identified challenges in 11 areas—including allocating a limited supply of FMD vaccine—based on its review of USDA documents, responses to GAO's questionnaire, and interviews with agency officials and others with expertise on FMD. According to USDA, the agency may not have a sufficient supply of FMD vaccine to control more than a small outbreak because of limited resources to obtain vaccine. As shown below, the current vaccine supply would be sufficient to protect about 14 percent of Texas's cattle or about 4 percent of Iowa's swine; these states' cattle and swine populations are the nation's largest. The Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 includes a provision to increase the FMD vaccine supply. USDA has identified dozens of corrective actions to mitigate the challenges of responding to an FMD outbreak, as called for in USDA procedures, but has not prioritized these corrective actions or monitored their completion, as also called for in its procedures. USDA has identified the corrective actions through exercises simulating FMD outbreaks, surveys, and lessons learned from other foreign animal disease outbreaks. However, USDA has not completed all of the corrective actions, including actions related to vaccination. Agency officials stated that they have not completed such corrective actions because they have been responding to outbreaks of other animal diseases and have limited resources. Without following agency procedures to prioritize and monitor corrective actions, USDA cannot ensure that it is allocating its resources to the most beneficial actions to prepare for a possible FMD outbreak. GAO is recommending that USDA follow its procedures to prioritize and monitor the completion of corrective actions that the agency has identified for FMD preparedness. USDA agreed with these recommendations, and described actions it will take to implement them."], "length": 78215, "E2E_time": 8.894797562155873, "context_token": 15002}
{"pred": " The report discusses the challenges and efforts related to expanding access to Medication-Assisted Treatment (MAT) for opioid use disorders. MAT combines behavioral therapy with medications like methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone to help individuals manage addiction. The report highlights the importance of MAT in reducing opioid misuse and overdose deaths, as well as the barriers to accessing these treatments, such as limited provider availability and regulatory restrictions. It also outlines various federal initiatives, including grant programs and policy changes, aimed at increasing MAT access. Additionally, the report emphasizes the need for performance measures and evaluations to assess the effectiveness of these efforts and ensure that they are meeting their goals. The report concludes with recommendations for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish specific performance measures and evaluation timeframes to better track progress and improve outcomes in MAT expansion.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the challenges and initiatives surrounding the expansion of Medication-Assisted Treatment (MAT) for opioid use disorders. MAT, which combines behavioral therapy with medications such as methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone, is crucial in reducing opioid misuse and overdose fatalities. However, access to MAT is hindered by issues like limited provider availability and regulatory constraints. The report details federal efforts, including grant programs and policy adjustments, to enhance MAT accessibility. It also underscores the necessity for performance metrics and evaluations to gauge the effectiveness of these initiatives and ensure they meet their objectives. The report concludes with recommendations for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish specific performance measures and evaluation timelines to better monitor progress and improve MAT expansion outcomes.", "answers": ["The misuse of prescription opioid pain relievers and illicit opioids, such as heroin, has contributed to increases in overdose deaths. According to the most recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data, in 2015 over 52,000 people died of drug overdose deaths, and about 63 percent of them involved an opioid. For those who are addicted to or misuse opioids, MAT has been shown to be an effective treatment. GAO was asked to review HHS and other efforts related to MAT for opioid use disorders. This report (1) describes HHS's key efforts to expand access to MAT, (2) examines HHS's evaluation, if any, of its efforts to expand access to MAT, and (3) describes efforts by selected stakeholders (states, private health insurers, and national associations) to expand access to MAT. GAO gathered information from HHS officials as well as a non-generalizable selection of 15 stakeholders selected based on their MAT expansion activities, among other factors. GAO also assessed HHS's evaluation plans using internal control standards for defining objectives and evaluating results. In an effort to reduce the prevalence of opioid misuse and the fatalities associated with it, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) established a goal to expand access to medication-assisted treatment (MAT). MAT is an approach that combines behavioral therapy and the use of certain medications, such as methadone and buprenorphine. HHS has implemented five key efforts since 2015 that focus on expanding access to MAT for opioid use disorders—four grant programs that focus on expanding access to MAT in various settings (including rural primary care practices and health centers) and regulatory changes that expand treatment capacity by increasing patient limits for buprenorphine prescribers and allowing nurse practitioners and physician assistants to prescribe buprenorphine. Some of the grant awards were made in 2015, while others were made as recently as May 2017. (See figure.) As of August 2017, efforts under all the grant programs were ongoing. Grant recipients can use funding to undertake a range of activities, such as hiring and training providers and supporting treatments involving MAT. In addition, certain providers and grant recipients are required to develop plans for preventing MAT medications from being diverted for nonmedical purposes. HHS officials told GAO that as of August 2017, the department was in the process of finalizing its plans to evaluate its efforts to address the opioid epidemic. In September 2016, HHS awarded a contract to conduct the evaluation. HHS officials told GAO that they are still working with the contractor to finalize the evaluation approach and that it will focus on whether HHS's efforts to address the opioid epidemic have been implemented as intended. HHS officials said that in the future, HHS may also evaluate whether, or to what extent, its efforts have been effective in expanding access to MAT, in addition to evaluating implementation. While HHS has some of the information that could be used in a future evaluation of the effectiveness of its efforts to expand access to MAT, it has not adopted specific performance measures with targets specifying the magnitude of the increases HHS hopes to achieve through its efforts to expand access to MAT, and by when. For example, HHS has not established a long-term target specifying the percentage increase in the number of prescriptions for buprenorphine HHS would like to achieve, which would help to show whether efforts by HHS and others are resulting in a sufficient number of prescriptions for MAT medications. HHS has also not chosen a specific method of measuring treatment capacity or established targets associated with it, which would help determine whether a sufficient number of providers are becoming available to evaluate and treat patients who may benefit from MAT. Without specifying these performance measures and associated targets, HHS will not have an effective means to determine whether its efforts are helping to expand access to MAT or whether new approaches are needed. Gauging this progress is particularly important given the large gap identified nationwide between the total number of individuals who could benefit from MAT and the limited number who can currently access it based on provider availability. In addition, GAO also found that as of August 2017, HHS had not finalized its approach for its planned evaluation activities, including timeframes. Without timeframes for the evaluation's activities, HHS increases the risk that the evaluation will not be completed as expeditiously as possible. In addition to HHS efforts to expand access to MAT, officials from selected states, private health insurers, and national associations reported using several efforts to expand patients' access to MAT for opioid use disorders. For example, several stakeholders provided GAO with the following examples of their efforts: States. State health officials from all five selected states have implemented or are planning approaches that focus on integrating the use of MAT into primary care, such as by providing services for centralized intake and initial management of patients or through telehealth that connects patients in rural areas with addiction specialists in a different location. Private health insurers. Three private health insurers reported removing prior authorization requirements for MAT medications so patients can avoid a waiting period before receiving the medications. National associations. Officials told GAO that they are conducting outreach and training for their members and developing tools and resource guides. For example, one association developed a road map with strategies that state policymakers can use to address the opioid epidemic, including strategies for reducing the stigma associated with MAT through educating the public and potential providers. GAO recommends that HHS take two actions: (1) establish performance measures with targets related to expanding access to MAT, and (2) establish timeframes for its evaluation of its efforts to expand access to MAT. HHS concurred with both recommendations."], "length": 36864, "E2E_time": 6.349280706141144, "context_token": 7086}
{"pred": " The report discusses the Holman Rule, a House of Representatives rule that governs the inclusion of legislative provisions in appropriations bills. The rule, established in 1835, prohibits the inclusion of general legislation in appropriations bills unless it retrenches expenditures by reducing the number or salaries of federal officers or the compensation of individuals paid from the Treasury. The rule has been modified several times, including in 1983 when its scope was narrowed, and again in the 115th Congress when additional language was added to allow for broader retrenchments. The report explains the historical development of the rule, its current application, and the implications of recent changes, emphasizing that the rule is not a restriction on Congress's lawmaking authority but rather a procedural mechanism to maintain the separation of policy and funding decisions.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the Holman Rule, a significant procedural guideline within the U.S. House of Representatives. Established in 1835, this rule aims to prevent the inclusion of general legislative provisions in appropriations bills unless they specifically reduce federal expenditures. Initially, it allowed for retrenchments by decreasing the number or salaries of federal officers or the compensation of individuals funded by the Treasury. Over time, the rule underwent several modifications, notably in 1983 when its scope was narrowed, and again in the 115th Congress, where additional language expanded its application to permit broader retrenchments.\n\nThe report traces the historical evolution of the Holman Rule, highlighting key changes and precedents that have shaped its current form. It underscores that the rule is not a limitation on Congress's legislative authority but rather a procedural tool to uphold the separation between policy-making and funding decisions. The analysis also examines the implications of recent amendments, particularly the 115th Congress's modifications, which temporarily expanded the rule's scope, allowing for more extensive retrenchments. However, the report notes that these changes were not carried forward into subsequent congresses, reverting the rule to its prior application.\n\nThroughout, the report emphasizes the importance of the Holman Rule in maintaining the integrity of the legislative process, ensuring that appropriations bills remain focused on funding without being encumbered by unrelated policy changes. It also highlights the role of the House Parliamentarian in interpreting and applying the rule, underscoring the dynamic nature of parliamentary procedures in Congress.", "answers": ["Although congressional rules establish a general division of responsibility under which questions of policy are kept separate from questions of funding, House rules provide for exceptions in certain circumstances. One such circumstance allows for the inclusion of legislative language in general appropriations bills or amendments thereto for \"germane provisions that retrench expenditures by the reduction of amounts of money covered by the bill.\" This exception appears in clause 2(b) of House Rule XXI and is known as the Holman rule, after Representative William Holman of Indiana, who first proposed the exception in 1876. Since the period immediately after its initial adoption, the House has interpreted the Holman rule through precedents that have tended to incrementally narrow its application. Under current precedents, for a legislative provision or amendment to be in order, the legislative language in question must be both germane to other provisions in the measure and must produce a clear reduction of appropriations in that bill. In addition, the House adopted a separate order during the 115th Congress that provided for retrenchments of expenditures by a reduction of amounts of money covered by the bill to be construed as applying to: any provision or amendment that retrenches expenditures by— (1) the reduction of amounts of money in the bill; (2) the reduction of the number and salary of the officers of the United States; or (3) the reduction of the compensation of any person paid out of the Treasury of the United States. This separate order was not readopted for the 116th Congress. This report provides a history of this provision in House rules and an analysis of precedents that are illustrative of its possible application."], "length": 13060, "E2E_time": 7.036231935955584, "context_token": 2537}
{"pred": " The report discusses the challenges faced by runaway and homeless youth in the United States, highlighting their vulnerability to high-risk behaviors and negative outcomes. It traces the historical development of federal programs aimed at assisting these youth, including the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act of 1974 and subsequent reauthorizations. The report details the three main programs under this act: the Basic Center Program (BCP), Transitional Living Program (TLP), and Street Outreach Program (SOP), each providing different levels of support and services. It also examines the difficulties in accurately counting the number of homeless and runaway youth due to their transient nature and lack of standardized definitions. Additionally, the report explores the factors contributing to youth homelessness, such as family conflict, abuse, and systemic issues, and discusses federal and state efforts to address these challenges through various programs and policies. The summary should encapsulate the key points, challenges, and federal responses outlined in the report.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the challenges faced by runaway and homeless youth in the U.S., emphasizing their vulnerability to high-risk behaviors and negative outcomes. It highlights the historical development of federal programs, starting with the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act of 1974, which established the Basic Center Program (BCP), Transitional Living Program (TLP), and Street Outreach Program (SOP). These programs provide crisis intervention, shelter, counseling, and life skills training to help youth transition to stable living arrangements. The report notes the difficulties in accurately counting this population due to transient lifestyles and inconsistent definitions. Key factors contributing to homelessness include family conflict, abuse, and systemic issues. The report also discusses federal and state initiatives, such as the Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program and the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program, aimed at addressing these challenges. Overall, the report underscores the need for coordinated efforts and improved data collection to effectively support runaway and homeless youth.", "answers": ["This report discusses runaway and homeless youth, and the federal response to support this population. There is no single definition of the terms \"runaway youth\" or \"homeless youth.\" However, both groups of youth share the risk of not having adequate shelter and other provisions, and may engage in harmful behaviors while away from a permanent home. Youth most often cite family conflict as the major reason for their homelessness or episodes of running away. A youth's sexual orientation, sexual activity, school problems, and substance abuse are associated with family discord. The precise number of homeless and runaway youth is unknown due to their residential mobility and overlap among the populations. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is supporting data collection efforts, known as Voices of Youth Count, to better determine the number of homeless youth. The 2017 study found that approximately 700,000 youth ages 13 to 17 and 3.5 million young adults ages 18 to 25 experienced homelessness within a 12-month period because they were sleeping in places not meant for habitation, in shelters, or with others while lacking alternative living arrangements. From the early 20th century through the 1960s, the needs of runaway and homeless youth were handled locally through the child welfare agency, juvenile justice courts, or both. The 1970s marked a shift toward federal oversight of programs that help youth who had run afoul of the law, including those who committed status offenses (i.e., a noncriminal act that is considered a violation of the law because of the youth's age). The Runaway Youth Act of 1974 was enacted as Title III of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act (P.L. 93-415) to assist runaways through services specifically for this population. The act was amended over time to include homeless youth. It authorizes funding for services carried out under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Program (RHYP), which is administered by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The program was most recently authorized through FY2020 by the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018 (P.L. 115-385). This law did not make other changes to the RHYP statute. Funding is discretionary, meaning provided through the appropriations process. FY2019 appropriations are $127.4 million. The RHYP program is made up of three components: the Basic Center Program (BCP), Transitional Living Program (TLP), and Street Outreach Program (SOP). The BCP provides temporary shelter, counseling, and after care services to runaway and homeless youth under age 18 and their families. In FY2017, the program served 23,288 youth, and in FY2018 it funded 280 BCP shelters (most recent figures available). The TLP is targeted to older youth ages 16 through 22 (and sometimes an older age). In FY2017, the TLP program served 3,517 youth, and in FY2018 it funded 299 grantees (most recent figures available). Youth who use the TLP receive longer-term housing with supportive services. The SOP provides education, treatment, counseling, and referrals for runaway, homeless, and street youth who have been subjected to, or are at risk of being subjected to, sexual abuse, sex exploitation, and trafficking. In FY2017, the SOP grantees made contact with 24,366 youth. The RHYP is a part of larger federal efforts to end youth homelessness through the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness (USICH). The USICH is a coordinating body made up of multiple federal agencies committed to addressing homelessness. The USICH's Opening Doors plan to end homelessness includes strategies for ending youth homelessness by 2020, including through collecting better data and supporting evidence-based practices to improve youth outcomes. Voices of Youth Count is continuing to report on characteristics of homeless youth. In addition to the RHYP, there are other federal supports to address youth homelessness. HUD's Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program is funding a range of housing options for youth, in selected urban and rural communities. Other federal programs have enabled homeless youth to access services, including those related to education and family violence."], "length": 53434, "E2E_time": 8.262114285957068, "context_token": 10944}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the FY2019 budget request and appropriations for three U.S. trade-related agencies: the International Trade Administration (ITA), the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC), and the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). These agencies are funded through the annual Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies (CJS) appropriations. The report compares the FY2019 budget request with the FY2018 appropriations and reviews the programs of these agencies.\n\nThe FY2018 appropriations for the three agencies totaled $648.3 million, while the FY2019 appropriations totaled $647.0 million, a 0.2% decrease. The President's FY2019 budget request proposed an 8.9% decrease in funding compared to FY2018, but both the House and Senate Appropriations Committees largely rejected these cuts. The final FY2019 appropriations were closer to the FY2018 levels.\n\nFor ITA, the Administration proposed reducing funding for export promotion activities and closing some offices, but Congress maintained funding levels for these programs. ITA's Enforcement and Compliance unit saw a slight increase in funding to support trade enforcement activities. USITC received increased funding despite the Administration's request for a decrease. USTR's funding was slightly reduced, but Congress maintained funding for trade enforcement activities through the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund.\n\nOverall, Congress supported maintaining or increasing funding for key trade enforcement and promotion programs, despite the Administration's proposed cuts.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the FY2019 budget request and appropriations for three U.S. trade agencies: ITA, USITC, and USTR, funded through the CJS appropriations. FY2018 appropriations totaled $648.3 million, while FY2019 appropriations were $647.0 million, a 0.2% decrease. The President's FY2019 request proposed an 8.9% funding cut, but Congress largely rejected these reductions, finalizing appropriations near FY2018 levels.\n\nFor ITA, the Administration sought to reduce export promotion funding and close offices, but Congress maintained these programs. ITA's Enforcement and Compliance unit received a slight funding increase for trade enforcement. USITC funding increased despite the Administration's proposed cut. USTR's funding decreased slightly, but Congress sustained trade enforcement via the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund.\n\nCongress prioritized maintaining or expanding funding for key trade enforcement and promotion programs, countering the Administration's proposed reductions.", "answers": ["The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2019 (P.L. 116-6), was signed into law on February 15, 2019. The act included a total of $647.0 million in funding for three trade-related agencies under the Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies (CJS) account—the International Trade Administration (ITA), the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC), and the office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). This represents a 0.2% decrease from FY2018 appropriations. For FY2019, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2019, included $484.0 million in direct appropriations for ITA (a 0.4% increase from the FY2018 appropriation), $95.0 million in funding for USITC (a 1.4% increase), and a total of $68.0 million for USTR (a 0.2% decrease). The Administration's Request On February 12, 2018, the Trump Administration submitted its FY2019 budget request to Congress. The FY2019 proposal included a total of $590.8 million for the three CJS trade-related agencies, an 8.9% decrease from FY2018 total appropriated amounts for these agencies. The Administration requested reducing funding for all three trade-related agencies. For FY2019, the request included $440.1 million in direct funding for ITA (an 8.7% decrease from the FY2018 appropriation), $87.6 million for USITC (a 6.5% decrease), and $63.0 million for USTR (a 13.2% decrease). Congressional Actions In the spring of 2018, the House and Senate reported FY2019 CJS appropriations bills, which included proposed funding for ITA, USITC, and USTR. The reported bills did not adopt many of the Administration's budget reductions, and instead proposed funding levels that were more similar to the FY2018-enacted amounts. The House Committee on Appropriations reported H.R. 5952 on May 17, 2018. The House proposal recommended a total of $647.6 million for the three CJS trade-related agencies. This proposal was $56.8 million more (9.6%) than the Administration's request, and $0.7 million less (-0.1%) than the FY2018-enacted legislation. The House committee proposed $480.0 million in direct funding for ITA, $95.0 million for USTIC, and a total of $72.6 million for USTR, comprised of $57.6 million for salaries and expenses and an additional $15.0 million from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund for trade enforcement activities as authorized by the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-125). The Senate Committee on Appropriations reported S. 3072 on June 14, 2018. The Senate committee-reported proposal recommended a total of $655.6 million for the three CJS trade-related agencies. This is $64.8 million (11.0%) more than the Administration's request and $7.3 million (1.1%) more than the FY2018-enacted appropriations. The Senate committee proposed $488.0 million in direct funding for ITA, $95 million for USITC, and a total of $72.6 million for USTR, comprised of $57.6 million for salaries and expenses and an additional $15.0 million from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund for trade enforcement activities. After three continuing resolutions and a three-week lapse in funding, Congress passed the Consolidated Appropriations Act. 2019 (P.L. 116-6), which was signed into law on February 15, 2019. The act included a total of $647.0 million in funding for the three trade-related agencies, which represented a 0.2% decrease from FY2018 funding levels."], "length": 25964, "E2E_time": 8.667674729134887, "context_token": 5901}
{"pred": " The report examines the long-term fiscal outlook for state and local governments over the next 50 years. It highlights that expenditures are projected to grow faster than revenues, leading to a persistent operating deficit. Key factors contributing to this imbalance include rising health care costs, particularly Medicaid and employee health benefits, and the need for increased pension contributions. The report also discusses the impact of recent federal policies, such as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and Supreme Court rulings on sales taxes, which could affect state and local revenues. It concludes that without policy changes, state and local governments will face significant fiscal challenges, necessitating either revenue increases or expenditure reductions to achieve fiscal balance.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive analysis of the long-term fiscal outlook for state and local governments over the next 50 years. It reveals that expenditures are expected to grow faster than revenues, resulting in a persistent operating deficit. Key drivers of this imbalance include escalating health care costs, particularly Medicaid and health benefits for employees and retirees, as well as the increasing need for pension contributions. The report also examines the potential impact of recent federal policies, such as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the Supreme Court's ruling on sales taxes, which could influence state and local revenues. It concludes that without significant policy changes, state and local governments will face substantial fiscal challenges, necessitating either revenue increases or expenditure reductions to achieve fiscal balance.", "answers": ["Fiscal sustainability presents a national challenge shared by all levels of government. Since 2007, GAO has published simulations of long-term fiscal trends in the state and local government sector, which have consistently shown that the sector faces long-term fiscal pressures. While most states have requirements related to balancing their budgets, deficits can arise because the planned annual revenues are not generated at the expected rate, demand for services exceeds planned expenditures, or both, resulting in a near-term operating deficit. This report updates GAO's state and local fiscal model to simulate the fiscal outlook for the state and local government sector. This includes identifying the components of state and local expenditures likely to contribute to the sector's fiscal pressures. In addition, this report identifies considerations related to federal policy and other factors that could contribute to uncertainties in the state and local government sector's long-term fiscal outlook. GAO's model uses the Bureau of Economic Analysis's National Income and Product Accounts as the primary data source and presents the results in the aggregate for the state and local sector as a whole. The model shows the level of receipts and expenditures for the sector until 2067, based on current and historical spending and revenue patterns. In addition, the model assumes that the current set of policies in place across state and local government remains constant to show a simulated long-term outlook. GAO's simulations suggest that the state and local government sector will likely face an increasing difference between revenues and expenditures during the next 50 years as reflected by the operating balance--a measure of the sector's ability to cover its current expenditures out of its current receipts. While both expenditures and revenues are projected to increase as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP), a difference between the two is projected to persist because expenditures are expected to grow faster than revenues throughout the simulation period. GAO's simulations also suggest that growth in the sector's overall spending is largely driven by health care expenditures--in particular, Medicaid spending and spending on health benefits for state and local government employees and retirees. These expenditures are projected to grow as a share of GDP during the simulation period. GAO's simulations also suggest that revenues from personal income taxes and federal grants to states and localities will increase during the simulation period. However, revenues will grow more slowly than expenditures such that the sector faces a declining fiscal outlook. GAO also identified federal policy changes that could affect the state and local government sector's fiscal outlook. For example, the effects of the recently-enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will likely depend on how states incorporate the Act into their state income tax rules. In addition, other factors, such as economic growth and rates of return on pension assets, could shift future fiscal outcomes for the sector."], "length": 55432, "E2E_time": 6.7344025652855635, "context_token": 10698}
{"pred": " The report discusses the U.S. Marine Corps' efforts to modernize its amphibious assault vehicles, focusing on the development and acquisition of the Amphibious Combat Vehicle (ACV) and the Marine Personnel Carrier (MPC). The report outlines the history of the ACV program, including the cancellation of the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle (EFV) in 2011 and the subsequent development of the ACV as a more affordable and sustainable replacement for the aging Amphibious Assault Vehicle (AAV). The ACV is designed to enhance the Marines' amphibious capabilities, improve survivability, and provide better mobility both in water and on land. The report also covers the challenges faced during the development of the ACV, including budget constraints, technical difficulties, and the need to balance amphibious and land-based requirements. Additionally, it discusses the role of the ACV in the context of emerging operational concepts like Expeditionary Advance Base Operations (EABO), which aim to address the growing threats posed by advanced anti-access and area denial (A2AD) systems. The report highlights the importance of maintaining amphibious capabilities for the Marine Corps' strategic role in global security and the ongoing efforts to ensure the ACV program remains on track to meet its objectives.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the U.S. Marine Corps' efforts to modernize its amphibious assault vehicles, focusing on the development and acquisition of the Amphibious Combat Vehicle (ACV) and the Marine Personnel Carrier (MPC). The ACV program was initiated after the cancellation of the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle (EFV) in 2011 due to cost overruns and poor performance, with the goal of replacing the aging Amphibious Assault Vehicle (AAV). The ACV is designed to enhance amphibious capabilities, improve survivability, and provide better mobility both in water and on land. The report details the challenges faced during ACV development, including budget constraints, technical difficulties, and balancing amphibious and land-based requirements. It also discusses the role of the ACV in the context of Expeditionary Advance Base Operations (EABO), an operational concept aimed at countering advanced anti-access and area denial (A2AD) threats. The report emphasizes the importance of maintaining amphibious capabilities for the Marine Corps' strategic role in global security and highlights ongoing efforts to ensure the ACV program meets its objectives.", "answers": ["On January 6, 2011, after spending approximately $3 billion in developmental funding, the Marine Corps cancelled the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle (EFV) program due to poor reliability demonstrated during operational testing and excessive cost growth. Because the EFV was intended to replace the 40-year-old Amphibious Assault Vehicle (AAV), the Pentagon pledged to move quickly to develop a \"more affordable and sustainable\" vehicle to replace the EFV. The Amphibious Combat Vehicle (ACV) is intended to replace the AAV, incorporating some EFV capabilities but in a more practical and cost-efficient manner. In concert with the ACV, the Marines were developing the Marine Personnel Carrier (MPC) to serve as a survivable and mobile platform to transport Marines when ashore. The MPC was not intended to be amphibious like an AAV, EFV, or the ACV but instead would be required to have a swim capability for inland waterways such as rivers, lakes, and other water obstacles such as shore-to-shore operations in the littorals. Both vehicles were intended to play central roles in future Marine amphibious operations. On June 14, 2013, Marine leadership put the MPC program \"on ice\" due to budgetary pressures but suggested the program might be resurrected some 10 years down the road when budgetary resources might be more favorable. In what was described as a \"drastic shift,\" the Marines decided to \"resurrect\" the MPC in March 2014. The Marines designated the MPC as ACV Increment 1.1 and planned to acquire about 200 vehicles. The Marines also plan to develop ACV Increment 1.2, a tracked, fully amphibious version, and at the time planned to acquire about 470 vehicles and fund an ongoing high water speed study. Although ACV Increment 1.1 is to have a swim capability, another mode of transport (ship or aircraft) would be required to get the vehicles from ship to shore. The Marines are reportedly exploring the possibility of developing a high water speed ACV 2.0, which could accompany tanks and light armored vehicles into combat. On November 5, 2014, the Marines released a draft Request for Proposal (RFP) for ACV Increment 1.1. On November 24, 2015, the Marine Corps awarded BAE Systems and SAIC contracts to develop ACV 1.1 prototypes for evaluation. BAE's contract was for $103.8 million and SAIC's for $121.5 million, and each company was to build 16 prototypes to be tested over the next two years. Both BAE and SAIC delivered their prototypes early, and Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) testing began mid-March 2017. In early December 2017, the Marines reportedly sent the ACV 1.1 down select request for proposals to BAE and Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC). On June 19, 2018, the Marine Corps selected BAE Systems to produce the ACV. The initial contract—valued at $198 million—was for low-rate production of 30 vehicles to be delivered by the autumn of 2019. On April 10, 2019, during testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee, Navy and Marine Corps leadership announced that during the fall of 2018, ACV 1.1 prototypes demonstrated satisfactory water mobility performance in high surf conditions and, in doing so, met the full water mobility transition requirement for ACV 1.2 capability. As a result, ACV 1.1 and ACV 1.2 were to be consolidated into a single variant—the ACV—which is intended to replace all AAVs. Potential issues for Congress include the potential ramifications of the consolidation of the ACV 1.1 and ACV 1.2 programs and how the possible adoption of the Expeditionary Advance Base Operations (EABO) operational concept could affect the ACV program."], "length": 26894, "E2E_time": 8.025571662001312, "context_token": 5868}
{"pred": " The report examines the strong bilateral relations between the United States and Israel, highlighting key areas of cooperation and mutual concerns. It discusses shared concerns regarding Iran, particularly in light of the U.S. withdrawal from the JCPOA, and the growing tensions involving Iran and Hezbollah at Israel's northern borders. The report also delves into Israeli-Palestinian issues, including the status of Jerusalem, the situation in Gaza, and the potential impact of a Trump Administration peace plan. Additionally, it covers domestic political issues in Israel, such as the upcoming elections and corruption allegations against Prime Minister Netanyahu. The report underscores Israel's robust military capabilities and its efforts to maintain a qualitative military edge with the support of U.S. aid. It also examines the implications of the U.S. recognition of Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and the ongoing conflicts with Hezbollah in Lebanon. The summary provides a comprehensive overview of the complex regional dynamics and the challenges faced by both the U.S. and Israel in maintaining stability and security in the Middle East.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the robust bilateral relations between the United States and Israel, focusing on key areas of cooperation and mutual concerns. It highlights shared concerns about Iran, especially following the U.S. withdrawal from the JCPOA, and the escalating tensions involving Iran and Hezbollah along Israel's northern borders. The report also examines Israeli-Palestinian issues, including the status of Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip situation, and the potential impact of a Trump Administration peace plan. Additionally, it discusses domestic political challenges in Israel, such as the upcoming elections and corruption allegations against Prime Minister Netanyahu. The report emphasizes Israel's strong military capabilities and its efforts to maintain a qualitative military edge with U.S. support. It also addresses the implications of the U.S. recognition of Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and ongoing conflicts with Hezbollah in Lebanon. Overall, the summary provides a comprehensive overview of the complex regional dynamics and the challenges faced by both the U.S. and Israel in maintaining stability and security in the Middle East.", "answers": ["Strong relations between the United States and Israel have led to bilateral cooperation in many areas. Matters of particular significance to U.S.-Israel relations include Israel's ability to address the threats it faces in its region. Shared U.S.-Israel concerns about Iran and its allies on the nuclear issue and in Syria and Lebanon. Israeli-Palestinian issues. Israeli domestic political issues, including elections scheduled for 2019. Israel relies on a number of strengths to manage potential threats to its security and existence. It maintains conventional military superiority relative to neighboring states and the Palestinians. It also takes measures to deter attack and defend its population and borders from evolving asymmetric threats such as rockets and missiles, cross-border tunneling, drones, and cyberattacks. Additionally, Israel has an undeclared but presumed nuclear weapons capability. Against a backdrop of strong bilateral cooperation, Israel's leaders and supporters routinely make the case that Israel's security and the broader stability of the region remain critically important for U.S. interests. A 10-year bilateral military aid memorandum of understanding (MOU)—signed in 2016—commits the United States to provide Israel $3.3 billion in Foreign Military Financing annually from FY2019 to FY2028, along with additional amounts from Defense Department accounts for missile defense. All of these amounts remain subject to congressional appropriations. Israeli officials seek to counter Iranian regional influence and prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu released new Israeli intelligence on Iran's nuclear program in April 2018, days before President Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal from the 2015 international agreement that constrains Iran's nuclear activities. It is unclear whether Israel might take future military action in Iran if Iranian nuclear activities resume. Since 2018, Israel has conducted a number of military operations in Syria against Iran and its allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah. Israel and Iran also appear to be competing for military advantage over each other at the Israel-Lebanon border. Amid uncertainty in the area, in March 2019 President Trump recognized Israel's claim to sovereignty over the Golan Heights, changing long-standing U.S. policy that held—in line with U.N. Security Council Resolution 497 from 1981—the Golan was occupied Syrian territory whose final status was subject to Israel-Syria negotiation. The prospects for an Israeli-Palestinian peace process are complicated by many factors. Palestinian leaders cut off high-level political contacts with the Trump Administration after it recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December 2017. U.S.-Palestinian tensions have since worsened amid U.S. cutoffs of funding to the Palestinians and diplomatic moves—including the May 2018 opening of the U.S. embassy to Israel in Jerusalem. Palestinian leaders interpreted these actions as prejudicing their claims to a capital in Jerusalem and to a just resolution of Palestinian refugee claims. Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has welcomed these U.S. actions. The Trump Administration has suggested that it will release a proposed peace plan after Israeli elections, which are scheduled for April 9, 2019. Speculation continues about how warming ties between Israel and Arab Gulf states may affect Israeli-Palestinian diplomacy, though Saudi Arabia said that the U.S. policy change on the Golan Heights would negatively affect the peace process. Bouts of tension and violence between Israel and Hamas in Gaza have continued—reportedly accompanied by indirect talks between the two parties that are being brokered by Egypt and aim for a long-term cease-fire. Domestically, Israel is preparing for the April 9 elections, which are closely contested. Former top general Benny Gantz is combining with former Finance Minister Yair Lapid to challenge Netanyahu, whom the attorney general has recommended be indicted for corruption in three separate cases. The elections and subsequent government formation process will have significant implications for Israel's future leadership and policies."], "length": 20763, "E2E_time": 6.454952550120652, "context_token": 4053}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Defense's (DOD) management of foreign currency budget rates, disbursement practices, and the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense (FCFD) account. It highlights the need for DOD to improve cost-saving opportunities, better manage the FCFD account, and enhance financial reporting accuracy.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Defense's (DOD) management of foreign currency budget rates, disbursement practices, and the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense (FCFD) account. It identifies several key areas for improvement:\n\n1. **Foreign Currency Budget Rates**: DOD has revised its methodology for setting foreign currency budget rates since 2014, aligning more closely with market rates. However, the report suggests that DOD could further enhance its approach by analyzing realized and projected losses to determine the necessary size of the FCFD account balance, potentially reducing unnecessary funds retained in the account.\n\n2. **Disbursement Practices**: While the Army has identified potential savings by transitioning to more cost-effective foreign currency rates, other services have not consistently reviewed their disbursement rates. The report recommends a DOD-wide review to identify additional cost-saving opportunities by selecting more economical rates.\n\n3. **FCFD Account Management**: The FCFD account has been maintained at its statutory maximum balance without considering projected losses. The report suggests that DOD should base transfers into the FCFD account on analyses of realized and projected losses to ensure the balance is appropriately sized, potentially freeing up funds for other defense activities or returning them to Treasury.\n\n4. **Financial Reporting**: Inaccuracies and incompleteness in DOD's financial reports on foreign currency gains and losses hinder effective management. The report recommends revising the Financial Management Regulation to ensure data accuracy and completeness, and for the Army to correct its system to accurately record disbursements.\n\nThe report concludes with four recommendations to improve DOD's management of foreign currency funds, enhance cost-saving opportunities, and ensure accurate financial reporting. DOD concurred with three recommendations and partially concurred with the fourth, emphasizing the challenges of forecasting foreign currency volatility.", "answers": ["DOD requested about $60 billion for fiscal years 2009 - 2017 to purchase goods and services overseas and reimburse service-members for costs incurred while stationed abroad. DOD uses foreign currency exchange rates to budget and pay (that is, disburse amounts) for these expenses. It also manages the FCFD account to mitigate a loss in buying power that results from foreign currency rate changes. GAO was asked to examine DOD's processes to budget for and manage foreign currency fluctuations. This report (1) describes DOD's revision of its foreign currency budget rates since 2009 and the relationship between the revised rates and projected O&M and MILPERS funding needs; (2) evaluates the extent to which DOD has taken steps to reduce costs in selecting foreign currency rates to disburse funds to liquidate O&M obligations, and determined whether opportunities exist to gain additional savings; and (3) assesses the extent to which DOD has effectively managed the FCFD account balance. GAO analyzed data on foreign currency rates, DOD financial management regulations, a non-generalizable sample of foreign currency disbursement data, and FCFD account balances. The Department of Defense (DOD) revised its foreign currency exchange rates (“budget rates”) during fiscal years 2014 through 2016 for each of the nine foreign currencies it uses to develop its Operation and Maintenance (O&M) and Military Personnel (MILPERS) budget request. These revisions decreased DOD's projected O&M and MILPERS funding needs. DOD's revision of the budget rates during these years also decreased the expected gains (that is, buying power) that would have resulted from an increase in the strength of the U.S. Dollar relative to other foreign currencies. DOD did not revise its budget rates in fiscal years 2009 through 2013. For fiscal year 2017, DOD changed its methodology for producing budget rates, resulting in rates that were more closely aligned with market rates. According to officials, that change made it unnecessary to revise the budget rates during the fiscal year. DOD has taken some steps to reduce costs in selecting foreign currency rates used to pay (that is, disburse amounts) for goods and services, but DOD has not fully determined whether opportunities exist to achieve additional savings. The Army has estimated potential savings of up to $10 million annually by using a foreign currency rate available 3 days in advance of paying for goods or services rather than a more costly rate available up to 5 days in advance. The Army has converted to the use of a 3-day advanced rate. GAO's analysis suggests that DOD could achieve cost savings if the services reviewed and consistently selected the most cost-effective foreign currency rates when paying for their goods and services. Absent a review, DOD is at risk for paying more than it would otherwise be required to conduct its transactions. DOD used the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense (FCFD) account to cover losses (that is, less buying power) due to unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations in 6 of the 8 years GAO reviewed. Since 2012, DOD has maintained the FCFD account balance at the statutory limit of $970 million, largely by transferring unobligated balances before they are cancelled from certain DOD accounts into the FCFD. However, DOD has not identified the appropriate FCFD account balance needed to maintain program operations by routinely analyzing projected losses and basing any transfers into the account on those expected losses. Thus, DOD may be maintaining balances that are hundreds of millions of dollars higher than needed, and that could have been used for other purposes or returned to the Treasury Department (see figure). GAO is making four recommendations, including that DOD review opportunities to achieve cost savings by more consistently selecting the most cost-effective foreign currency rates used for the payment of goods and services, and analyze projected losses to manage the FCFD account balance. DOD generally concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 68574, "E2E_time": 9.774541520047933, "context_token": 13766}
{"pred": " The report by the government agency evaluates the progress and challenges in the DHS's management of the CFATS program across five key areas: identifying high-risk chemical facilities, assessing risk and prioritizing facilities, reviewing and approving security plans, conducting compliance inspections, and stakeholder outreach. The report highlights that DHS has made significant strides in addressing past recommendations, such as improving data sharing with other agencies and states, enhancing the accuracy of risk assessments, and reducing the backlog of security plan reviews. However, challenges remain, including low participation in the Expedited Approval Program and the need for further refinement of compliance inspection processes. The report concludes with ongoing efforts by DHS to continuously improve the CFATS program, with further findings expected in an upcoming report.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) management of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program, focusing on five key areas: identifying high-risk facilities, assessing risk and prioritizing facilities, reviewing and approving security plans, conducting compliance inspections, and stakeholder outreach. \n\nDHS has made notable progress in addressing past recommendations. For instance, it improved data sharing with other agencies and states, enhancing the identification of noncompliant facilities. The agency also enhanced the accuracy of risk assessments by implementing an updated Top-Screen in 2016, which now calculates the Distance of Concern internally rather than relying on self-reported data. Additionally, DHS reduced the backlog of security plan reviews, eliminating it by 2016, and introduced the Expedited Approval Program (EAP) in 2017 to streamline the process for smaller facilities. However, participation in the EAP remains low, attributed to factors such as the program's prescriptive nature and timing of implementation.\n\nChallenges persist, including the need for further refinement of compliance inspection processes and documented procedures to ensure facilities adhere to security plans. DHS has initiated efforts to address these issues, updating enforcement and inspection standard operating procedures, which are expected to be finalized by the end of 2018. The report also highlights ongoing improvements in stakeholder outreach, with DHS implementing a questionnaire to gather systematic feedback from industry stakeholders.\n\nThe report concludes with DHS's continuous efforts to enhance the CFATS program, with further findings anticipated in an upcoming report. Overall, while significant strides have been made, ongoing challenges and areas for improvement remain, underscoring the need for continued attention and refinement.", "answers": ["Thousands of facilities have hazardous chemicals that could be targeted or used to inflict mass casualties or harm surrounding populations in the United States. In accordance with the DHS Appropriations Act, 2007, DHS established the CFATS program in 2007 to, among other things, identify and assess the security risk posed by chemical facilities. DHS inspects high-risk facilities after it approves facility security plans to ensure that the facilities are implementing required security measures and procedures. This statement summarizes progress and challenges related to DHS's CFATS program management. This statement is based on prior products GAO issued from July 2012 through June 2017, along with updates conducted in June 2018 on DHS actions to address prior GAO recommendations. To conduct the prior work, GAO reviewed relevant laws, regulations, and DHS policies for administering the CFATS program, how DHS assesses risk, and data on high-risk chemical facilities. GAO also interviewed DHS officials and reviewed information on DHS actions to implement its prior recommendations. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has made progress addressing challenges that GAO's past work identified to managing the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program. The following summarizes progress made and challenges remaining in key aspects of the program. Identifying high-risk chemical facilities. In July 2015, GAO reported that DHS used self-reported and unverified data to determine the risk of facilities holding toxic chemicals that could threaten surrounding communities if released. GAO recommended that DHS should better verify the accuracy of facility-reported data. DHS implemented this recommendation by revising its methodology so it now calculates the risk of toxic release, rather than relying on facilities to do so. Assessing risk and prioritizing facilities. In April 2013, GAO reported weaknesses in multiple aspects of DHS's risk assessment and prioritization approach. GAO made two recommendations for DHS to review and improve this process, including that DHS enhance its risk assessment approach to incorporate all of the elements of consequence, threat, and vulnerability associated with a terrorist attack involving certain chemicals. DHS launched a new risk assessment methodology in October 2016 and is currently gathering new or updated data from about 27,000 facilities to (1) determine which facilities should be categorized as high-risk because of the threat of sabotage, theft or diversion, or a toxic release and (2) assign those facilities deemed high risk to one of four risk-based tiers. GAO has ongoing work assessing these efforts and will report later this summer on the extent to which they fully address prior recommendations. Reviewing and approving facilities' site security plans . DHS is to review security plans and visit facilities to ensure their security measures meet DHS standards. In April 2013, GAO reported a 7 to 9 year backlog for these reviews and visits. In July 2015, GAO reported that DHS had made substantial progress in addressing the backlog—estimating that it could take between 9 and 12 months for DHS to review and approve security plans for the approximately 900 remaining facilities. DHS has since taken additional action to expedite these activities and has eliminated this backlog. Inspecting facilities and ensuring compliance. In July 2015, GAO reported that DHS conducted compliance inspections at 83 of the 1,727 facilities with approved security plans. GAO found that nearly half of the inspected facilities were not fully compliant with their approved security plans and that DHS did not have documented procedures for managing facilities' compliance. GAO recommended that DHS document procedures for managing compliance. As a result, DHS has developed an enforcement procedure and a draft compliance inspection procedure and expects to finalize the compliance inspection procedure by the end of fiscal year 2018. GAO has made various recommendations to strengthen DHS's management of the CFATS program, with which DHS has generally agreed. DHS has implemented or described planned actions to address most of these recommendations."], "length": 15148, "E2E_time": 7.320961848832667, "context_token": 2930}
{"pred": " The report provides a comprehensive overview of coal mining in the United States, focusing on its role in energy production, the environmental impacts, and the regulatory framework established by the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (SMCRA). It highlights the importance of financial assurances to ensure mine reclamation and addresses challenges such as self-bonding risks, unanticipated reclamation costs, and the financial stability of surety companies. The report also discusses the federal and state efforts to manage these challenges and concludes with a recommendation for Congress to consider amending SMCRA to eliminate self-bonding as a financial assurance method.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines coal mining in the U.S., emphasizing its contribution to energy production, environmental effects, and the regulatory framework under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (SMCRA). It underscores the role of financial assurances, such as surety bonds, collateral bonds, and self-bonds, in ensuring mine reclamation. Challenges include risks associated with self-bonding, especially given recent coal company bankruptcies, and the difficulty in predicting long-term reclamation costs, particularly for water pollution. The report also highlights state and federal efforts to address these issues, including the use of alternative bonding systems and trust funds. It concludes with a recommendation for Congress to amend SMCRA to eliminate self-bonding, thereby reducing financial risks to taxpayers and regulatory authorities.", "answers": ["Coal accounts for 17 percent of domestic energy production. SMCRA requires coal mine operators to reclaim lands that were disturbed during mining and to submit a financial assurance in an amount sufficient to ensure that adequate funds will be available to complete reclamation if the operator does not do so. Recent coal company bankruptcies have drawn attention to whether financial assurances obtained by OSMRE and state agencies will be adequate to reclaim land once coal mining operations have ceased. GAO was asked to review management of financial assurances for coal mine reclamation. This report describes, among other things, the amounts and types of financial assurances held for coal mine reclamation in 2017 and the challenges that OSMRE and state agencies face in managing these financial assurances. GAO collected and analyzed data from OSMRE and 23 state agencies; reviewed federal laws, regulations, and directives; and interviewed OSMRE and state agency officials and representatives from organizations associated with the mining and financial assurance industries and environmental organizations. State agencies and the Department of the Interior's Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSMRE) reported holding approximately $10.2 billion in surety bonds (guaranteed by a third party), collateral bonds (guaranteed by a tangible asset, such as a certificate of deposit), and self-bonds (guaranteed on the basis of a coal operator's own finances) as financial assurances for coal mine reclamation. OSMRE and state agencies face several challenges in managing financial assurances, according to the stakeholders GAO interviewed. Specifically, Obtaining additional financial assurances from operators for unanticipated reclamation costs, such as long-term treatment for water pollution, can be difficult. Determining the financial stability of surety companies has been challenging in certain instances. Self-bonding presents a risk to the government because it is difficult to (1) ascertain the financial health of an operator, (2) determine whether the operator qualifies for self-bonding, and (3) obtain a replacement for existing self-bonds when an operator no longer qualifies. In addition, some stakeholders said that the risk from self-bonding is greater now than when the practice was first authorized under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (SMCRA). GAO's previous work examining environmental cleanup found that the financial risk to government and the amount of oversight needed for self-bonds are relatively high compared to other forms of financial assurances. GAO also previously reviewed federal financial assurance requirements for various energy and mineral extraction sectors and found that coal mining is the only one where self-bonding was allowed. However, because SMCRA explicitly allows states to decide whether to accept self-bonds, eliminating the risk that self-bonds pose to the federal government and states would require SMCRA be amended. GAO recommends that Congress consider amending SMCRA to eliminate self-bonding. Interior neither agreed nor disagreed with GAO's recommendation."], "length": 40355, "E2E_time": 5.815498344134539, "context_token": 7863}
{"pred": " The report discusses the use of continuing resolutions (CRs) and funding gaps in the federal budget process. It explains that CRs provide temporary funding when regular appropriations are delayed, and funding gaps occur when no appropriations are available. The report highlights the impact of funding gaps, including government shutdowns and employee furloughs, and reviews historical instances of funding gaps since FY1977. It also mentions proposals for an automatic continuing resolution to prevent funding gaps. The summary should be concise, covering key points without delving into excessive detail.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the role of continuing resolutions (CRs) and funding gaps in the federal budget process. CRs offer temporary funding when regular appropriations are delayed, while funding gaps arise when no appropriations are available. The report underscores the consequences of funding gaps, such as government shutdowns and employee furloughs, and reviews historical instances since FY1977. It also discusses proposals for an automatic continuing resolution (ACR) to prevent funding gaps. The summary highlights key points without excessive detail, emphasizing the impact of funding gaps and the challenges in budgetary continuity.", "answers": ["The Antideficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1341-1342, 1511-1519) generally bars the obligation of funds in the absence of appropriations. Exceptions are made under the act, including for activities involving \"the safety of human life or the protection of property.\" The interval during the fiscal year when appropriations for a particular project or activity are not enacted into law, either in the form of a regular appropriations act or a continuing resolution (CR), is referred to as a funding gap or funding lapse. Although funding gaps may occur at the start of the fiscal year, they may also occur any time a CR expires and another CR (or the regular appropriations bill) is not enacted immediately thereafter. Multiple funding gaps may occur within a fiscal year. When a funding gap occurs, federal agencies are generally required to begin a shutdown of the affected projects and activities, which includes the prompt furlough of non-excepted personnel. The general practice of the federal government after the shutdown has ended has been to retroactively pay furloughed employees for the time they missed, as well as employees who were required to come to work. Although a shutdown may be the result of a funding gap, the two events should be distinguished. This is because a funding gap may result in a total shutdown of all affected projects or activities in some instances but not others. For example, when funding gaps are of a short duration, agencies may not have enough time to complete a shutdown of affected projects and activities before funding is restored. In addition, the Office of Management and Budget has previously indicated that a shutdown of agency operations within the first day of the funding gap may be postponed if a resolution appears to be imminent. Since FY1977, 20 funding gaps occurred, ranging in duration from 1 day to 34 full days. These funding gaps are listed in Table 1. About half of these funding gaps were brief (i.e., three days or less in duration). Notably, many of the funding gaps do not appear to have resulted in a \"shutdown.\" Prior to the issuance of the opinions in 1980 and early 1981 by then-Attorney General Benjamin Civiletti, while agencies tended to curtail some operations in response to a funding gap, they often \"continued to operate during periods of expired funding.\" In addition, some of the funding gaps after the Civiletti opinions did not result in a completion of shutdown operations due to both the funding gap's short duration and an expectation that appropriations would soon be enacted. Some of the funding gaps during this period, however, did have a broader impact on affected government operations, even if only for a matter of hours. Two funding gaps occurred in FY1996, amounting to 5 days and 21 days. The chronology of regular and continuing appropriations enacted during FY1996 is illustrated in Figure 1. At the beginning of FY2014 (October 1, 2013), none of the regular appropriations bills had been enacted, so a government-wide funding gap occurred. It concluded on October 17, 2013, after lasting 16 full days. During FY2018, there was a funding gap when a CR covering all of the regular appropriations bills expired on January 19, 2018. It concluded on January 22, 2018, after lasting two full days. The most recent funding gap occurred during FY2019, when a CR covering federal agencies and activities funded in 7 of the 12 regular appropriations bills expired on December 21, 2018. It concluded on January 25, 2019, after lasting 34 full days. For a general discussion of federal government shutdowns, see CRS Report RL34680, Shutdown of the Federal Government: Causes, Processes, and Effects, coordinated by Clinton T. Brass."], "length": 14198, "E2E_time": 3.847456804011017, "context_token": 3202}
{"pred": " The report evaluates the Department of Defense's (DOD) progress in achieving efficiencies in document services and identifies opportunities for further improvements. It highlights DOD's efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce print devices, and increase electronic content management. However, the report finds that DOD faces challenges such as fragmentation in services, overlapping procurement processes, and incomplete financial reporting. Recommendations include assessing the effectiveness of DLA Document Services, consolidating print device procurement, improving internal controls for device reductions, enhancing financial reporting accuracy, and evaluating additional facility consolidations.\n</think>\n\nThe report assesses the Department of Defense's (DOD) progress in enhancing efficiency in document services and identifies areas for further improvement. Key initiatives include DOD's transformation plan for Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Document Services, which aims to reduce costs by consolidating facilities and transitioning to digital services. The plan has led to the closure of 74 facilities and a reduction in workforce, with expected savings of 20% by 2019. Additionally, DOD has taken steps to reduce the number of print devices and increase the use of electronic content management systems, achieving some savings.\n\nHowever, the report identifies several challenges. Fragmentation in printing and reproduction services persists, with military services sometimes bypassing DLA Document Services due to concerns over cost, quality, and timeliness. Overlap in print device procurement is evident, with DOD components using multiple sources, leading to inconsistent costs. Furthermore, DOD has not consistently monitored progress toward reducing print devices, limiting its ability to demonstrate savings. Financial reporting is also incomplete, with budget materials conflating printing costs with non-printing activities and omitting device procurement and electronic content management.\n\nThe report recommends that DOD assess the effectiveness of DLA Document Services' single manager role, consolidate print device procurement under DLA, implement controls to track device reductions, improve financial reporting accuracy, and explore further facility consolidations. These actions could enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and provide better oversight of document services.", "answers": ["DOD has reported printing costs that totaled about $608 million, on average, during fiscal years 2010 through 2015. DLA Document Services has key DOD-wide responsibilities for (1) printing and reproduction, (2) print device procurement, and (3) electronic content management (e.g., digital document repositories). Other DOD components, including the military services, also maintain some document services capabilities at various locations. House Report 115-200 accompanying a bill for the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018 included a provision for GAO to examine DOD's document services. This report evaluates (1) the progress DOD has made in achieving efficiencies in its document services and opportunities, if any, to achieve further efficiencies, and (2) the extent to which DOD reports accurate financial information about its document services to key stakeholders. GAO reviewed documents and interviewed officials regarding DOD's efficiency initiatives, including DLA Document Services' transformation plan; reviewed print device procurement contracts and pricing information; and analyzed DOD budget data for fiscal years 2012 through 2016. The Department of Defense (DOD) has taken steps to achieve efficiencies in its document services, including implementing a transformation plan to consolidate existing Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Document Services facilities. However, GAO identified four areas where further gains may be possible: Managing fragmentation in printing and reproduction services. DOD has designated DLA Document Services as the single manager for printing and reproduction services, but DOD customers, citing concerns with DLA's services, have also obtained these services directly from the Government Publishing Office and via in-house print facilities (see fig.). DOD has not assessed DLA's performance in this role or whether additional efficiencies may be possible in light of DLA's transformation plan. Reducing overlap in procuring print devices. GAO found that DOD components used at least four different contract sources to acquire print devices. DOD has not assessed which acquisition approach represents the best value; doing so might better position DOD to further reduce its costs. Meeting goals to reduce the number of print devices. DOD and the military services have not demonstrated that they achieved established goals for reducing the number of print devices. Additional controls and assignment of oversight responsibilities to monitor progress could better enable DOD to achieve its cost savings goals, estimated to be millions of dollars annually. Consolidating DLA facilities. DLA is closing or consolidating 74 of its 112 facilities in the United States. However, GAO found that for four of seven types of specialty services, DLA plans to retain facilities that are responsible for less than 5 percent of the total revenue for each of those specialties, which suggests that further consolidations are possible. DOD includes the cost of non-printing activities, such as the purchase of advertising time for recruiting, within its budget materials for printing and reproduction. It does not include costs to acquire print devices and for electronic content management. As a result, DOD and the Congress lack the oversight into total document services costs needed to make informed decisions. GAO is making six recommendations, including that DOD evaluate options to achieve additional cost savings and other efficiencies in its document services and report more accurate budget data. DOD generally agreed with the recommendations."], "length": 60220, "E2E_time": 8.576080304104835, "context_token": 10863}
{"pred": " The federal government manages a vast portfolio of real property, which is costly to maintain. To address inefficiencies, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the General Services Administration (GSA) have implemented policies and strategies to reduce the government's real property footprint. This report examines the approaches and challenges faced by 24 Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act agencies in achieving their space reduction targets under the Reduce the Footprint (RTF) policy. Key findings include the use of consolidation, co-location, disposal of excess space, better space utilization, and telework/hoteling as primary strategies. Agencies also encountered challenges such as high reduction costs, mission constraints, employee concerns, and workload growth. The report highlights the progress made, with many agencies successfully reducing their space, though some missed their targets. GSA's role in managing vacated space and the overall cost savings achieved are also discussed.\n</think>\n\nThe federal government manages a significant portfolio of real property, incurring substantial costs annually. To enhance efficiency, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the General Services Administration (GSA) have introduced policies like the Reduce the Footprint (RTF) initiative. This report evaluates the strategies and challenges faced by 24 CFO Act agencies in meeting their space reduction targets under RTF. Key strategies include consolidation, co-location, disposing of excess space, optimizing existing space, and implementing telework and hoteling. Challenges such as high costs, mission requirements, employee concerns, and workload growth were identified. Despite these challenges, many agencies achieved space reductions, though some missed their targets. GSA's role in managing vacated space and the resulting cost savings are also highlighted.", "answers": ["The federal government continues to work to reduce its real property inventory and associated costs. GSA provides space for agencies in government-owned and commercially leased buildings. In 2015, the OMB issued a memorandum requiring the 24 agencies with chief financial officers to reduce their domestic office and warehouse space. These agencies are required to set annual reduction targets for a 5-year time period and update their real property plans annually. GAO was asked to review the implementation of this space reduction initiative. This report discusses: (1) the approaches and any challenges the 24 agencies identified to achieving their reduction targets for all their domestic office and warehouse space; (2) the extent these agencies reduced their space and met their fiscal year 2016 targets; and (3) how GSA manages vacated space it had leased to these agencies. GAO conducted a content analysis of the 24 agencies' real property plans for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and analyzed agencies' data as submitted to GSA on their targets and reductions for fiscal year 2016, the only year for which data were available. GAO selected five agencies as case studies based on several factors, including size of the agencies' office and warehouse portfolio, agency reduction targets, and fiscal year 2016 reported reductions. GAO reviewed relevant documentation and interviewed officials from GSA, OMB, and GAO's case study agencies. GAO provided a draft of this product to GSA, OMB, and our case study agencies for comment. GAO incorporated technical comments, as appropriate. Most of the 24 agencies with chief financial officers reported to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the General Services Administration (GSA) that they planned to consolidate their office and warehouse space and allocate fewer square feet per employee as the key ways to achieve their space reduction targets. For example, the Department of Agriculture reported it will consolidate staff from five component agencies in two office buildings. When complete, the space allocated per employee will average about 250 square feet down from a high of 420 square feet per employee. In taking these actions, the agencies most often identified the cost of space reduction projects as a challenge to achieving their targets. Agencies cited costs such as for space renovations to accommodate more staff and required environmental clean-up before disposing of property as challenges to completing projects. Some agencies required to maintain offices across the country reported that their mission requirements limit their ability to reduce their space. In fiscal year 2016, 17 of the 24 agencies reported they reduced their space, but had varying success achieving their first-year targets. Of the 17 agencies, 9 exceeded their target and reduced more space than planned, 7 missed their target (by anywhere between 2.8 and 96.7 percent), and 1 reduced space, despite a targeted increase. Agency officials said that it is not unusual for projects to shift to different years and that such shifts could lead to missing targets one year and exceeding them the next. GSA has processes to manage the space vacated by agencies that is leased through GSA. For example, starting in November 2016, GSA started tracking agencies' space release requests centrally to help standardize the process and established an e-mail address to which agencies can submit requests. GSA relies on regional offices to manage real property in their regions and to identify tenants for vacant space or to remove unused space from the inventory. GSA's regional officials said regular monitoring and coordinating with agencies minimizes the likelihood GSA is caught off guard by a return of space. These processes also help them to plan ahead. GSA met its 2016 performance goal to have an annual vacant space rate of no more than 3.2 percent in its federally owned and leased buildings. However, given the recent implementation of the space reduction initiative, it is too early to determine the extent to which agencies will return space to GSA prior to the end of their leases and the effect on GSA's inventory."], "length": 49352, "E2E_time": 7.249925846233964, "context_token": 9608}
{"pred": " The report examines the current and future role of cash in the U.S. payment system, highlighting the increasing prevalence of electronic payment methods and the potential decline of cash usage. It discusses the benefits and costs of both cash and noncash payment systems, including traditional electronic systems, cryptocurrencies, and central bank digital currencies (CBDCs). The report also explores the implications of a reduced role for cash, such as improved efficiency, reduced crime, and enhanced monetary policy, alongside risks like financial exclusion, increased cyber vulnerabilities, and reduced privacy. Case studies from Sweden and Kenya illustrate how different societies are adapting to the shift away from cash. The report concludes that while cash is unlikely to disappear entirely, its role may diminish significantly, prompting policymakers to consider the broader societal impacts of such a transition.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the evolving role of cash in the U.S. payment system, noting the growing adoption of electronic payment methods and the potential decline of cash usage. It evaluates the advantages and disadvantages of cash, traditional electronic systems, cryptocurrencies, and central bank digital currencies (CBDCs). The report highlights potential benefits of reduced cash usage, such as improved efficiency and crime reduction, while also addressing risks like financial exclusion and privacy concerns. Case studies from Sweden and Kenya demonstrate how societies are adapting to cashless trends. The report concludes that while cash may not vanish, its role could diminish, urging policymakers to consider the societal impacts of this shift.", "answers": ["Electronic forms of payment have become increasingly available, convenient, and cost efficient due to technological advances in digitization and data processing. Anecdotal reporting and certain analyses suggest that businesses and consumers are increasingly eschewing cash payments in favor of electronic payment methods. Such trends have led analysts and policymakers to examine the possibility that the use and acceptance of cash will significantly decline in coming years and to consider the effects of such an evolution. Cash is still a common and widely accepted payment system in the United States. Cash's advantages include its simplicity and robustness as a payment system that requires no ancillary technologies. In addition, it provides privacy in transactions and protection from cyber threats or financial institution failures. However, using cash involves costs to businesses and consumers who pay fees to obtain, manage, and protect cash and exposes its users to loss through misplacement, theft, or accidental destruction of physical currency. Cash also concurrently generates government revenues through \"profits\" earned by producing it and by acting as interest-free liabilities to the Federal Reserve (in contrast to reserve balances on which the Federal Reserve pays interest), while reducing government revenues by facilitating some tax avoidance. The relative advantages and costs of various payment methods will largely determine whether and to what degree electronic payment systems will displace cash. Traditional noncash payment systems (such as credit and debit cards and interbank clearing systems) involving intermediaries such as banks and central banks address some of the shortcomings of cash payments. These systems can execute payments over physical distance, allow businesses and consumers to avoid some of the costs and risks of using cash, and are run by generally trusted and closely regulated intermediaries. However, the maintenance and operation of legacy noncash systems involve their own costs, and the intermediaries charge fees to recoup those costs and earn profits. The time it takes to finalize certain transactions—including crediting customer accounts for check or electronic deposits—can lead to consumers incurring additional costs. In addition, these systems involve cybersecurity risks and generally require customers to divulge their private personal information to gain system access, which raises privacy concerns. To date, the migration away from cash has largely been in favor of traditional noncash payment systems; however, some observers predict new alternative systems will play a larger role in the future. Such alternative systems aim to address some of the inefficiencies and risks of traditional noncash systems, but face obstacles to achieving that aim and involve costs of their own. Private systems using distributed ledger technology, such as cryptocurrencies, may not serve the main functions of money well and face challenges to widespread acceptance and technological scalability. These systems also raise concerns among certain observers related to whether these systems could facilitate crime, provide inadequate protections to consumers, and may adversely affect governments' ability to implement or transmit monetary policy. The potential for increased payment efficiency from these systems is promising enough that certain central banks have investigated the possibility of issuing government-backed, electronic-only currencies—called central bank digital currencies (CBDCs)—in such a way that the benefits of certain alternative payment systems could be realized with appropriately mitigated risk. How CBDCs would be created and function are still matters of speculation at this time, and the possibility of their introduction raises questions about the appropriate role of a central bank in the financial system and the economy. If the relative benefits and costs of cash and the various other payment methods evolve in such a way that cash is significantly displaced as a commonly accepted form of payment, that evolution could have a number of effects, both positive and negative, on the economy and society. Proponents of reducing cash usage (or even eliminating it all together and becoming a cashless society) argue that doing so will generate important benefits, including potentially improved efficiency of the payment system, a reduction of crime, and less constrained monetary policy. Proponents of maintaining cash as a payment option argue that significant reductions in cash usage and acceptance would further marginalize people with limited access to the financial system, increase the financial system's vulnerability to cyberattack, and reduce personal privacy. Based on their assessment of the magnitude of these benefits and costs and the likelihood that market forces will displace cash as a payment system, policymakers may choose to encourage or discourage this trend."], "length": 62332, "E2E_time": 7.135624430142343, "context_token": 11766}
{"pred": " The federal government operates four regional power marketing administrations (PMAs) through the Department of Energy: Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), Southeastern Power Administration (SEPA), Southwestern Power Administration (SWPA), and Western Area Power Administration (WAPA). These PMAs were established to market electricity from federal dams, prioritizing public utilities and cooperatives at cost-based rates. Each PMA faces unique challenges, including environmental regulations, infrastructure modernization, and financial management. Recent proposals to privatize or sell transmission assets have sparked debate over their impact on affordability and service. The PMAs play a crucial role in providing reliable, low-cost electricity to communities, especially in rural areas, while navigating evolving energy markets and regulatory environments.\n</think>\n\nThe federal government operates four regional power marketing administrations (PMAs) through the Department of Energy: Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), Southeastern Power Administration (SEPA), Southwestern Power Administration (SWPA), and Western Area Power Administration (WAPA). These PMAs were established to market electricity from federal dams, prioritizing public utilities and cooperatives at cost-based rates. Each PMA faces unique challenges, including environmental regulations, infrastructure modernization, and financial management. Recent proposals to privatize or sell transmission assets have sparked debate over their impact on affordability and service. The PMAs play a crucial role in providing reliable, low-cost electricity to communities, especially in rural areas, while navigating evolving energy markets and regulatory environments.", "answers": ["The federal government, through the Department of Energy, operates four regional power marketing administrations (PMAs), created by statute: the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), the Southeastern Power Administration (SEPA), the Southwestern Power Administration (SWPA), and the Western Area Power Administration (WAPA). Each PMA operates in a distinct geographic area. Congressional interest in the PMAs has included diverse issues such as rate setting, cost and compliance associated with the Endangered Species Act (ESA; P.L. 93-205; 16 U.S.C. §§1531 et seq.), and questions of privatization of these federal agencies. In general, the PMAs came into being because of the government's need to dispose of electric power produced by dams constructed largely for irrigation, flood control, or other purposes, and to achieve small community and farm electrification—that is, providing service to customers whom it would not have been profitable for a private utility to serve. With minor exceptions, these agencies market the electric power produced by federal dams constructed, owned, and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) and the Bureau of Reclamation (BOR). By statute, PMAs must give preference to public utility districts and cooperatives (e.g., \"preference customers\"), and sell their power at cost-based rates set at the lowest possible rate consistent with sound business principles. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission regulates PMA rates to ensure that they are set high enough to repay the U.S. Treasury for the portion of federal facility costs allocated to hydropower beneficiaries. With energy and capacity markets changing in the western United States (especially with the growing need to integrate increasing amounts of variable renewable sources), and the development of the Energy Imbalance Market in the West, BPA and WAPA may have to adapt their plans with regard to generation needs and how transmission systems are developed. In 2018, the Trump Administration proposed to sell the transmission assets (lines, towers, substations, and/or rights of way) owned and operated by the federal Power Marketing Administrations. The proposal suggested that \"eliminating or reducing\" the federal government's role in owning and operating transmission assets, and increasing the private sector's role, would \"encourage a more efficient allocation of economic resources and mitigate unnecessary risk to taxpayers.\" The resulting PMA entities would then contract with other utilities to provide transmission services for the delivery of federal power, similar to what SEPA does currently. Reportedly, the proposed sale of PMA assets was dropped after opposition to the plan emerged from stakeholders. Under Section 208 of the Urgent Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1986 (P.L. 99-349), the executive branch is prohibited from spending funds to study or draft proposals to transfer from federal control any portion of the assets of the PMAs unless specifically authorized by Congress. Environmental, fishing, and tribal advocates have sued the federal government over concerns that operating rules for hydropower dams on the Columbia and Snake Rivers (i.e., the National Marine Fisheries Service Biological Opinion) are inadequate to ensure survival of species threatened or endangered under the ESA. In 2016, a federal judge overturned a previous management plan for the dams, finding that it would not be sufficient to protect salmon runs, and ordered a new management plan that could include removing the dams. However, in 2018, President Trump issued a Presidential Memorandum accelerating the process for a new management plan, requiring the biological opinion to be ready by 2020. Since FY2011, power revenues associated with the PMAs have been classified as discretionary offsetting receipts (i.e., receipts that are available for spending by the PMAs), thus the agencies are sometimes noted as having a \"net-zero\" spending authority. Only the capital expenses of WAPA and SWPA require appropriations from Congress."], "length": 18441, "E2E_time": 4.936876624822617, "context_token": 3833}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of the role and responsibilities of the minority leader in the U.S. House of Representatives. It traces the historical evolution of the position, highlighting its emergence in the late 19th century as a formalized role within the two-party system. The minority leader serves as the head of the \"loyal opposition,\" tasked with representing the interests of the minority party and challenging the majority party's agenda. The report outlines the various strategies and tactics the minority leader employs to achieve their primary goal of recapturing majority control, including campaign efforts, legislative opposition, and the development of alternative policies. Additionally, the report details the formal and informal responsibilities of the minority leader, their role in shaping party strategy, and their interactions with both the majority party and the executive branch. The analysis underscores the challenges inherent in the minority leader's position, particularly the limitations imposed by numerical inferiority, and the necessity of strategic adaptability in navigating the complexities of majority-minority dynamics in Congress.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the role and responsibilities of the minority leader in the U.S. House of Representatives, tracing its historical development from the late 19th century. The minority leader, as the head of the \"loyal opposition,\" is tasked with representing the minority party's interests and challenging the majority's agenda. The report highlights the strategies used by minority leaders, such as campaign efforts, legislative opposition, and developing alternative policies, all aimed at the ultimate goal of regaining majority control. It also outlines the formal and informal duties, including shaping party strategy, interacting with the majority and the executive branch, and fostering party unity. The analysis emphasizes the challenges faced by minority leaders, particularly numerical inferiority, and the need for strategic adaptability in Congress.", "answers": ["The House minority leader, the head of the \"loyal opposition,\" is elected every two years by secret ballot of his or her party caucus or conference. The minority leader occupies a number of important institutional and party roles and responsibilities, and his or her fundamental goal is to recapture majority control of the House. From a party perspective, the minority leader has a wide range of assignments, all geared toward retaking majority control of the House. Five principal party activities direct the work of the minority leader. First, he or she provides campaign assistance to party incumbents and challengers. Second, the minority leader devises strategies, in consultation with like-minded colleagues, to advance party objectives. Third, the minority leader works to promote and publicize the party's agenda. Fourth, the minority leader, if his or her party controls the White House, confers regularly with the President and his aides about issues before Congress, the Administration's agenda, and political events generally. Fifth, the minority leader strives to promote party harmony so as to maximize the chances for legislative and political success. From an institutional perspective, the rules of the House assign a number of specific responsibilities to the minority leader. For example, Rule XIII, clause 6, grants the minority leader (or a designee) the right to offer a motion to recommit with instructions; and Rule II, clause 6, states that the Inspector General shall be appointed by joint recommendation of the Speaker, majority leader, and minority leader. The minority leader also has other institutional duties, such as appointing individuals to certain federal or congressional entities."], "length": 30033, "E2E_time": 6.3305950802750885, "context_token": 5806}
{"pred": " The report examines Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which prohibits sex discrimination in educational programs receiving federal funding. While the statute does not explicitly address sexual harassment or abuse, the Supreme Court has established that educational institutions can be held liable under Title IX for deliberately indifferent responses to such incidents. The report discusses the legal landscape, including private rights of action and administrative enforcement by federal agencies like the Department of Education (ED). It highlights the high standard of \"deliberate indifference\" for liability and the variability in court interpretations of \"actual notice\" and \"appropriate persons.\" The report also covers ED's evolving guidance, including the 2011 Dear Colleague Letter and proposed 2018 regulations, which aim to align administrative standards with judicial interpretations and enhance due process protections. Additionally, it addresses constitutional challenges to university disciplinary procedures, emphasizing the need for fairness and procedural safeguards. The report concludes by noting the potential for congressional action to clarify Title IX's scope and liability standards.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which prohibits sex discrimination in federally funded educational programs. Although the statute does not explicitly mention sexual harassment or abuse, the Supreme Court has established that educational institutions can face liability under Title IX for failing to address such incidents with \"deliberate indifference.\" The report explores the legal framework, including private lawsuits for damages and administrative enforcement by agencies like the Department of Education (ED). It highlights the stringent \"deliberate indifference\" standard for liability and the differing court interpretations of \"actual notice\" and \"appropriate persons.\" The report also examines ED's shifting guidance, such as the 2011 Dear Colleague Letter and the proposed 2018 regulations, which aim to align administrative enforcement with judicial standards and improve due process protections. Additionally, it discusses constitutional challenges to university disciplinary processes, stressing the importance of fairness and procedural safeguards. The report concludes by noting the potential for congressional action to clarify Title IX's scope and liability standards.", "answers": ["Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (Title IX) provides an avenue of legal relief for victims of sexual abuse and harassment at educational institutions. It bars discrimination \"on the basis of sex\" in an educational program or activity receiving federal funding. Although Title IX makes no explicit reference to sexual harassment or abuse, the Supreme Court and federal agencies have determined that such conduct can sometimes constitute discrimination in violation of the statute; educational institutions in some circumstances can be held responsible when a teacher sexually harasses a student or when one student harasses another. Title IX is mainly enforced (1) through private rights of action brought directly against schools by or on behalf of students subjected to sexual misconduct; and (2) by federal agencies that provide funding to educational programs. To establish liability in a private right of action, a party seeking damages for a Title IX violation must satisfy the standards set forth by the Supreme Court in Gebser v. Lago Vista Independent School District, decided in 1998, and Davis Next Friend LaShonda D. v. Monroe County Board of Education, decided the next year. Gebser provides that when a teacher commits harassment against a student, a school district is liable only when it has actual knowledge of allegations by an \"appropriate person,\" and so deficiently responds to those allegations that its response amounts to deliberate indifference to the discrimination. Davis instructs that, besides showing actual knowledge by an appropriate person and deliberate indifference, a plaintiff suing for damages for sexual harassment committed by a student must show that the conduct was \"so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive\" that it denied the victim equal access to educational opportunities or benefits. Taken together, the Supreme Court's decisions set forth a high threshold for a private party seeking damages against an educational institution based on its response to sexual harassment. In turn, federal appellate courts have differed in how to apply the standards set in Gebser and Davis, diverging on the nature and amount of evidence sufficient to support a claim. In each of the last several presidential administrations, the Department of Education (ED) issued a number of guidance documents that instruct schools on their responsibilities under Title IX when addressing allegations of sexual harassment. These documents—while sometimes subject to change—generally reflected a different standard than the Supreme Court case law addressing private rights of action for damages for sexual abuse or harassment (the Court in Davis acknowledged that the threshold for liability in a private right of action could be higher than the standard imposed in the administrative enforcement context). Those guidance documents had, among other things, established that sometimes a school could be held responsible for instances of sexual harassment by a teacher, irrespective of actual notice; and schools could be held responsible for student-on-student harassment if a \"responsible employee\" knew or should have known of the harassment (constructive notice). ED's previous guidance also instructed educational institutions that they sometimes could be responsible for responding to incidents of sexual harassment occurring off campus. ED also cautioned schools on the use of mediation to resolve allegations of sexual harassment. With regard to the procedures used by schools to resolve sexual harassment allegations, ED informed schools that they must use the preponderance of the evidence standard to establish culpability, and the agency strongly discouraged schools from allowing parties in a hearing to personally cross-examine one another. In response to guidance from ED, as well as increased oversight from the department's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) between 2011 and 2016, schools developed several procedures to ensure that their responses to allegations of sexual harassment and assault complied with Title IX. A number of students faced with disciplinary action by public universities raised constitutional challenges to the Title IX procedures used to find them responsible for sexual misconduct, arguing that universities violated the Due Process Clause in handling their case. ED issued a notice of proposed rulemaking in late 2018, after revoking some of its previous guidance to schools in 2017. The proposed regulations would, in several ways, tether the administrative requirements for schools to the standard set by the Supreme Court in Gebser and Davis. In doing so, the proposed regulations would depart from the standards set by ED in previous guidance documents (some of which have since been rescinded). The new regulations would require \"actual notice,\" rather than constructive notice, of harassment by an education institution to trigger a school's Title IX responsibilities, and provide that a school's response to allegations of sexual harassment will violate Title IX only if it amounts to deliberate indifference. In addition, the new regulations would more narrowly define what conduct qualifies as sexual harassment under Title IX, and also impose new procedural requirements, which appear to reflect due process concerns, when schools investigate sexual harassment or assault allegations and make determinations of culpability."], "length": 96872, "E2E_time": 10.872401556000113, "context_token": 17498}
{"pred": " The report examines the National Science Foundation's (NSF) use of two programs, the Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) and the Visiting Scientist, Engineer, and Educator (VSEE) programs, to bring in rotating staff. It details the differences between the two programs, including employment status, compensation, and benefits. The report also discusses the roles of rotators in executive and program director positions, their impact on NSF's operations, and the cost management strategies implemented by NSF. Additionally, it highlights the lack of an agency-wide workforce strategy and the need for evaluating the programs' contributions to NSF's goals. The report concludes with recommendations for NSF to develop a comprehensive workforce strategy and evaluate the effectiveness of its rotator programs.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the National Science Foundation's (NSF) utilization of the Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) and Visiting Scientist, Engineer, and Educator (VSEE) programs to integrate rotating staff. It outlines the distinctions between the programs, such as employment status, compensation, and benefits, and explores the roles of rotators in executive and program director positions, their influence on NSF's operations, and the cost management strategies implemented. The report also addresses the absence of an agency-wide workforce strategy and the necessity for assessing the programs' contributions to NSF's objectives. It concludes with recommendations for NSF to develop a comprehensive workforce strategy and evaluate the effectiveness of its rotator programs.", "answers": ["NSF has identified potential benefits and challenges associated with its use of rotators. Benefits include fresh perspectives and close connections to the scientific community, while challenges include staffing turnover and higher costs for some rotators compared with permanent employees. GAO was asked to review NSF's use and management of the IPA and VSEE rotator programs, among other things. This report examines (1) the number, costs, and uses of NSF rotators for fiscal year 2008 through fiscal year 2017; (2) the strategies NSF has used to manage rotator costs and the results of these efforts; and (3) the extent to which NSF has a workforce strategy for using rotators and has evaluated the results of its rotator programs. GAO analyzed summary-level data on NSF's rotators; reviewed key documents; interviewed NSF officials; conducted semistructured interviews with a nongeneralizable sample of rotators and permanent federal employees selected from different scientific directorates within NSF; and compared NSF's management of the program to key principles for effective strategic workforce planning. The numbers of rotators—outside scientists, engineers, and educators on temporary assignment—at the National Science Foundation (NSF) and their costs in proportion to other staff remained relatively stable in fiscal years 2008 through 2017. Most rotators joined NSF under its Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) mobility program. IPA rotators comprised about 12 percent of NSF's workforce and 17 percent of staff costs on average and were not subject to a federal salary cap. They remain employees of their home institutions, with NSF reimbursing the institutions for most of their salaries and benefits. The remaining rotators are considered temporary federal employees under the Visiting Scientist, Engineer, and Educator (VSEE) program; their salaries could not exceed the federal maximum for their positions. Beginning in fiscal year 2017, NSF adopted IPA rotator program cost management strategies expected to achieve the greatest savings with the least harm to recruitment, but NSF officials said it is too soon to determine the full results. For example, for new IPA rotators who had not yet begun negotiating their assignments, NSF began requiring their home institutions to pay for 10 percent of the rotators' salary and benefits. NSF officials told GAO they expect to issue a report evaluating the strategies in December 2018. NSF's IPA program steering committee recommended developing a workforce strategy for balancing the agency's use of rotators with federal staff, but as of June 2018, NSF had not developed a strategy or fully evaluated the IPA and VSEE rotator programs' results, as called for by GAO's key principles for effective strategic workforce planning. NSF officials said they recognized the value of a workforce strategy but were focusing instead on other workforce planning efforts, and they had not fully evaluated program results in part because rotators are blended into the agency's permanent workforce, making a separate evaluation difficult. Without a workforce strategy and evaluation of results, NSF is limited in its ability to manage and, if warranted, adjust its use of rotators. GAO recommends that NSF develop an agency-wide strategy for balancing the agency's use of rotators with permanent staff and evaluate the contributions of its rotator programs toward NSF's human capital goals and programmatic results. NSF agreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 38215, "E2E_time": 5.861706458032131, "context_token": 7338}
{"pred": " The 116th Congress is expected to address various housing-related issues, including housing finance, assisted housing programs, and housing-related tax provisions. The report highlights the challenges in housing affordability, driven by rising home prices and rental costs, despite low mortgage interest rates. It also discusses the role of government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, ongoing issues with HUD programs, and the potential for legislative changes. Additionally, the report covers disaster recovery housing assistance and the importance of extending certain tax provisions to support homeownership.\n</think>\n\nThe 116th Congress is anticipated to address a range of housing-related issues, including housing finance, assisted housing programs, and housing-related tax provisions. The report underscores the challenges in housing affordability, driven by rising home prices and rental costs, despite low mortgage interest rates. It also explores the role of government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, ongoing issues with HUD programs, and the potential for legislative changes. Additionally, the report covers disaster recovery housing assistance and the importance of extending certain tax provisions to support homeownership.", "answers": ["The 116th Congress may consider a variety of housing-related issues. These could include topics related to housing finance, federal housing assistance programs, and housing-related tax provisions, among other things. Particular issues that may be of interest during the Congress include the following: The status of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, two government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) that have been in conservatorship since 2008. Congress might consider comprehensive housing finance reform legislation to resolve the status of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Furthermore, a new director for the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's regulator and conservator, was sworn in on April 15, 2019. Congress may take an interest in any administrative changes that FHFA might make to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under new leadership. Appropriations for federal housing programs, including programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and rural housing programs administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), particularly in light of discretionary budget caps that are currently scheduled to decrease for FY2020. Oversight of the implementation of certain changes to federal assisted housing programs that were enacted in prior Congresses, such as expansions of HUD's Moving to Work (MTW) program and Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program. Considerations related to housing and the federal response to major disasters, including oversight of the implementation of certain changes related to Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) assistance that were enacted in the previous Congress. Consideration of legislation related to certain federal housing programs that provide assistance to Native Americans living in tribal areas. Consideration of legislation to extend certain temporary tax provisions that are currently expired, including housing-related provisions that provide a tax exclusion for canceled mortgage debt and allow for the deductibility of mortgage insurance premiums, respectively. Housing and mortgage market conditions provide context for these and other issues that Congress may consider, although housing markets are local in nature and national housing market indicators do not necessarily accurately reflect conditions in specific communities. On a national basis, some key characteristics of owner-occupied housing markets and the mortgage market in recent years include increasing housing prices, low mortgage interest rates, and home sales that have been increasing but constrained by a limited inventory of homes on the market. Key characteristics of rental housing markets include an increasing number of renters, low rental vacancy rates, and increasing rents. Rising home prices and rents that have outpaced income growth in recent years have led to policymakers and others increasingly raising concerns about the affordability of both owner-occupied and rental housing. Affordability challenges are most prominent among the lowest-income renter households, reflecting a shortage of rental housing units that are both affordable and available to this population."], "length": 51179, "E2E_time": 5.716633273754269, "context_token": 10350}
{"pred": " The U.S. corporate income tax system taxes worldwide income, leading to complexities for multinational corporations. Inversions, where a U.S. corporation becomes a subsidiary of a foreign parent, have been used to reduce tax liabilities. The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (AJCA) introduced anti-inversion provisions, limiting naked inversions but allowing mergers with foreign firms. Recent regulatory changes, including the 2014 and 2016 Treasury regulations, further restricted inversions by limiting access to deferred earnings and tightening ownership thresholds. The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) introduced a territorial tax system, reduced the corporate tax rate, and included provisions targeting inverted firms. Despite these measures, some inversions continue, particularly through mergers structured to avoid regulatory thresholds. The report highlights ongoing concerns about tax base erosion and suggests potential legislative and regulatory responses to address remaining inversion strategies.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. corporate income tax system, which taxes worldwide income, presents challenges for multinational corporations, leading some to engage in inversions—reorganizing to become subsidiaries of foreign parents—to reduce tax liabilities. The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (AJCA) introduced anti-inversion measures, effectively ending naked inversions but allowing mergers with foreign firms. Subsequent Treasury regulations in 2014 and 2016 further restricted inversions by limiting access to deferred earnings and tightening ownership thresholds. The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) shifted the U.S. to a territorial tax system, reduced the corporate tax rate, and included provisions targeting inverted firms. Despite these changes, inversions persist, particularly through mergers structured to avoid regulatory thresholds. The report underscores concerns about tax base erosion and suggests potential legislative and regulatory responses to address remaining inversion strategies.", "answers": ["News reports in the late 1990s and early 2000s drew attention to a phenomenon sometimes called corporate \"inversions\" or \"expatriations\": instances where U.S. firms reorganize their structure so that the \"parent\" element of the group is a foreign corporation rather than a corporation chartered in the United States. The main objective of these transactions was tax savings, and they involved little to no shift in actual economic activity. Bermuda and the Cayman Islands (countries with no corporate income tax) were the locations of many of the newly created parent corporations. These types of inversions largely ended with the enactment of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (JOBS Act; P.L. 108-357), which denied the tax benefits of an inversion if the original U.S. stockholders owned 80% or more of the new firm. The act effectively ended shifts to tax havens where no real business activity took place. However, two avenues for inverting remained. The act allowed a firm to invert if it has substantial business operations in the country where the new parent was to be located; the regulations at one point set a 10% level of these business operations. Several inversions using the business activity test resulted in Treasury regulations in 2012 that increased the activity requirement to 25%, effectively closing off this method. Firms could also invert by merging with a foreign company if the original U.S. stockholders owned less than 80% of the new firm. If the original U.S. shareholders owned less than 60%, the firm was not considered as inverting. Two features made a country an attractive destination: a low corporate tax rate and a territorial tax system that did not tax foreign source income. The U.K. joined countries such as Ireland, Switzerland, and Canada as targets for inverting when it adopted a territorial tax in 2009. At the same time, the U.K. also lowered its rate (from 25% to 20% by 2015). Inverted firms could reduce worldwide taxes by stripping taxable earnings out of the new U.S. subsidiary, largely through allocating debt to that subsidiary. Soon after, several high-profile companies indicated an interest in merging with a non-U.S. headquartered company, including Pfizer, Chiquita, AbbVie, and Burger King. This \"second wave\" of inversions again raised concerns about an erosion of the U.S. tax base. Chiquita and AbbVie canceled their plans in the wake of 2014 Treasury regulations, but Burger King and other firms completed merger plans. Pfizer subsequently terminated its planned merger with Allergan after Treasury regulations issued in 2016. Evidence suggests that these Treasury regulations have been an important factor in subsequently decreasing these merger-related inversions. Two policy options had been discussed in response: a general reform of the U.S. corporate tax and specific provisions to deal with tax-motivated international mergers. In December 2017, P.L. 115-97 (popularly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) lowered the corporate tax rate as part of broader tax reform which some argued would slow the rate of inversions. Other tax reform proposals suggested that if the United States moved to a territorial tax, the incentive to invert would be eliminated. There were concerns that a territorial tax could worsen the profit-shifting that already exists among multinational firms. P.L. 115-97, while moving in some ways to a territorial tax, also instituted a number of measures aimed at combatting profit shifting, including a global minimum tax on intangible income that limited the tax benefits of a territorial tax. The second option is to directly target inversions. The 2017 act included several provisions that discouraged inversions. In addition, further anti-inversion provisions have been introduced, most recently H.R. 5108 and S. 2459 in the 115th Congress, to treat all firms in which former U.S. shareholders have more than 50% ownership (or in which management and control is in the United States) as U.S. firms. These bills also provided that debt could also be allocated to the U.S. member of a worldwide operation in proportion to the U.S. ownership of assets."], "length": 58192, "E2E_time": 8.595810025930405, "context_token": 12418}
{"pred": " The report, authored by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), examines the costs and operational aspects of the United Nations (UN) peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA) and compares them to a hypothetical U.S.-led operation. It highlights that the UN's costs for MINUSCA from 2014 to 2017 totaled approximately $2.4 billion, while a comparable U.S. operation would have cost nearly $5.7 billion, more than twice as much. The report identifies several factors contributing to the cost difference, including higher U.S. standards for facilities, medical care, and intelligence systems, as well as the cost of deploying and transporting equipment and personnel. Additionally, the report notes that the U.S. would bear the cost of salaries for reservists, which the UN does not incur. The analysis also explores the relative strengths of UN and U.S. peacekeeping operations, with the UN benefiting from greater international acceptance and access to global expertise, while the U.S. offers faster deployment and superior command and control, logistics, and intelligence capabilities. The report underscores the financial and operational considerations for the U.S. in deciding whether to lead a peacekeeping mission versus contributing to a UN effort.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report compares the costs and operational aspects of the United Nations (UN) peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA) with a hypothetical U.S.-led operation. From 2014 to 2017, the UN spent approximately $2.4 billion on MINUSCA, while a comparable U.S. operation would have cost nearly $5.7 billion, more than twice as much. Key factors driving the cost difference include higher U.S. standards for facilities, medical care, and intelligence systems, as well as expenses for deploying and transporting equipment and personnel. The U.S. would also incur costs for reservist salaries, which the UN avoids. The report highlights the UN's advantages in international acceptance and global expertise, while the U.S. offers faster deployment and superior command, logistics, and intelligence capabilities. The analysis underscores the financial and operational trade-offs for the U.S. in leading a peacekeeping mission versus contributing to a UN effort.", "answers": ["To promote international peace and security, the UN had 16 ongoing peacekeeping operations worldwide as of June 30, 2017, with a total budget of almost $8 billion in UN fiscal year 2017 and contributions of over 100,000 military, police, and civilian personnel from more than 120 countries. The United States is the largest financial contributor to UN peacekeeping operations, providing an average of about 28 percent of total funding annually. The Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, includes a provision for GAO to compare the costs, strengths, and limitations of UN and U.S. peacekeeping operations. This report (1) compares the reported costs of a specific UN operation to the estimated costs of a hypothetical, comparable operation implemented by the United States; (2) identifies factors that affect cost differences; and (3) identifies stakeholder views on the relative strengths of UN and U.S. peacekeeping operations. GAO worked with the UN, DOD, and State to generate a cost estimate of a hypothetical U.S.-led operation in the Central African Republic comparable to MINUSCA. GAO developed this estimate using DOD's cost estimating tool for contingency operations and State data on civilian costs, assuming a U.S. operation using roughly the same levels of military and civilian personnel as MINUSCA. The cost estimate should not be construed as suggesting that the United States would likely implement such an operation in the Central African Republic or that it would implement such an operation in the same way. GAO is making no recommendations. Based on United Nations (UN) and Departments of Defense (DOD) and State (State) data, GAO estimates that it would cost the United States more than twice as much as it would cost the UN to implement a hypothetical operation comparable to the UN Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA). MINUSCA cost the UN approximately $2.4 billion for the first 39 months of the operation. GAO estimates that a hypothetical U.S. peacekeeping operation in the Central African Republic of roughly the same size and duration would cost nearly $5.7 billion—almost eight times more than the $700 million the United States contributed to MINUSCA over the same time period. Various factors affect differences between the actual cost of MINUSCA and the estimated cost of a hypothetical, comparable U.S. operation in the Central African Republic. The United States and the UN would source and transport some supplies and equipment differently, affecting the cost of both operations; for example, the United States would airlift water into the Central African Republic, while the UN does not do so to the same extent. The United States also would incur the cost of civilian police and military reservist salaries, while the UN does not pay any troop or police salaries. Finally, some higher standards for facilities, intelligence, and medical services increase the U.S. cost estimate relative to UN costs for similar operational elements. UN and U.S. peacekeeping operations have various relative strengths, according to U.S. and UN officials. These officials said that, because the UN is a multilateral organization, UN peacekeeping operations have international acceptance and are more likely to be viewed as impartial. Officials also said that the UN enjoys global access to expertise and experience, and can leverage assistance from multilateral donors and development banks. Relative strengths of a U.S. peacekeeping operation would include faster deployment and superior command and control, logistics, intelligence, and counterterrorism capability, according to U.S. and UN officials."], "length": 33292, "E2E_time": 8.114363645669073, "context_token": 6701}
{"pred": " The Small Business Act of 1953 established the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to support small businesses, crucial for maintaining competition and preventing monopolies. The SBA defines a small business based on factors like employee count, annual receipts, and industry-specific standards. Over the years, the SBA has faced challenges in defining small businesses, with frequent legislative changes and reviews to adapt to economic shifts. Recent updates include using five-year average receipts and adjusting for inflation. The SBA's efforts aim to ensure eligibility for federal programs remains accurate and fair, balancing the needs of small businesses and federal agencies.\n</think>\n\nThe Small Business Act of 1953 established the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to support small businesses, recognizing their importance in maintaining competition and preventing monopolies. The SBA defines a small business based on criteria such as employee count, annual receipts, and industry-specific standards. Over the years, the SBA has faced challenges in defining small businesses, leading to frequent legislative changes and reviews to adapt to economic shifts. Recent updates include using five-year average receipts and adjusting for inflation. The SBA's efforts aim to ensure eligibility for federal programs remains accurate and fair, balancing the needs of small businesses and federal agencies.", "answers": ["Small business size standards are of congressional interest because they have a pivotal role in determining eligibility for Small Business Administration (SBA) assistance as well as federal contracting and, in some instances, tax preferences. Although there is bipartisan agreement that the nation's small businesses play an important role in the American economy, there are differences of opinion concerning how to define them. The Small Business Act of 1953 (P.L. 83-163, as amended) authorized the SBA to establish size standards to ensure that only small businesses receive SBA assistance. The SBA currently uses two types of size standards to determine SBA program eligibility: industry-specific size standards and alternative size standards based on the applicant's maximum tangible net worth and average net income after federal taxes. The SBA's industry-specific size standards determine program eligibility for firms in 1,036 industrial classifications in 23 sub-industry activities described in the 2017 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS). The size standards are based on one of four measures: (1) number of employees, (2) average annual receipts in the previous three (may soon be the previous five) years, (3) average asset size as reported in the firm's four quarterly financial statements for the preceding year, or (4) a combination of number of employees and barrel per day refining capacity. Overall, about 97% of all employer firms qualify as small under the SBA's size standards. These firms represent about 30% of industry receipts. The SBA conducts an analysis of various economic factors, such as each industry's overall competitiveness and the competitiveness of firms within each industry, to determine its size standards. However, in the absence of precise statutory guidance and consensus on how to define small, the SBA's size standards have often been challenged, typically by industry representatives seeking to increase the number of firms eligible for assistance and by Members concerned that the size standards may not adequately target assistance to firms that they consider to be truly small. This report provides a historical examination of the SBA's size standards and assesses competing views concerning how to define a small business. It also discusses P.L. 111-240, the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, which authorized the SBA to establish an alternative size standard using maximum tangible net worth and average net income after federal taxes for both the 7(a) and 504/CDC loan guaranty programs; established, until the SBA acted, an interim alternative size standard for the 7(a) and 504/CDC programs of not more than $15 million in tangible net worth and not more than $5 million in average net income after federal taxes (excluding any carry-over losses) for the two full fiscal years before the date of the application; and required the SBA to conduct a detailed review of not less than one-third of the SBA's industry size standards every 18 months beginning on the new law's date of enactment (September 27, 2010) and ensure that each size standard is reviewed at least once every five years. P.L. 112-239, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, which directed the SBA not to limit the number of size standards and to assign the appropriate size standard to each NAICS industrial classification. This provision addressed the SBA's practice of limiting the number of size standards it used and combining size standards within industrial groups as a means to reduce the complexity of its size standards and to provide greater consistency for industrial classifications that have similar economic characteristics. P.L. 114-328, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, which authorizes the SBA to establish different size standards for agricultural enterprises using existing methods and appeal processes. Previously, the small business size standard for agricultural enterprises was set in statute as having annual receipts not in excess of $750,000. P.L. 115-324, the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018, which directs federal agencies proposing a size standard (and, based on report language accompanying the act, presumably the SBA as well) to use the average annual gross receipts from at least the previous five years, instead of the previous three years, when seeking SBA approval to establish a size standard based on annual gross receipts. Legislation introduced during recent Congresses (including H.R. 33, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2017, and its Senate companion bill, S. 584, during the 115th Congress) to authorize the SBA's Office of Chief Counsel for Advocacy to approve or disapprove a size standard requested by a federal agency for purposes other than the Small Business Act or the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The SBA's Administrator currently has that authority."], "length": 79515, "E2E_time": 8.369173003360629, "context_token": 16859}
{"pred": " The report examines the shift from defined benefit (DB) to defined contribution (DC) plans over the past 30 years, the impact on retirement savings, and strategies to mitigate early withdrawals. It highlights the risks transferred to employees, the role of tax incentives, and the challenges faced by individuals managing their retirement accounts. The report also discusses the incidence and impact of early withdrawals, including loans, hardship withdrawals, and cashouts, and suggests potential strategies to reduce these withdrawals and preserve retirement savings.\n</think>\n\nThe report explores the significant shift over the past three decades from defined benefit (DB) plans to defined contribution (DC) plans, such as 401(k)s, and the implications for retirement savings. This transition has transferred investment risks from employers to employees, altering how retirement income is determined. While DC plans offer portability, they also increase the likelihood of early withdrawals, which can deplete savings and reduce long-term retirement security.\n\nThe report highlights the role of tax incentives in encouraging participation in retirement plans and the regulatory framework governing these plans under ERISA. It also examines the challenges individuals face in managing their retirement accounts, including limited financial literacy and the pressures of financial stress. Data from 2013 shows substantial early withdrawals from IRAs and 401(k) plans, with billions of dollars leaving the retirement system annually. These withdrawals, often due to hardships like medical expenses or housing needs, can lead to significant tax penalties and long-term financial consequences.\n\nThe report identifies factors contributing to early withdrawals, such as demographic characteristics, economic pressures, and plan design features like loans and hardship withdrawal policies. It also discusses strategies to mitigate these withdrawals, including simplifying rollover processes, restricting access to employer contributions, and incorporating emergency savings features into plans. Additionally, the report recommends improving data collection on unrepaid plan loans to better understand their impact on retirement savings.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the need for balanced policies that provide employees with necessary financial flexibility while preserving their retirement savings for the long term.", "answers": ["Federal law encourages individuals to save for retirement through tax incentives for 401(k) plans and IRAs—the predominant forms of retirement savings in the United States. In 2017, U.S. plans and IRAs reportedly held investments worth nearly $17 trillion dollars. Federal law also allows individuals to withdraw assets from these accounts under certain circumstances. DOL and IRS oversee 401(k) plans, and collect annual plan data—including financial information—on the Form 5500. For both IRAs and 401(k) plans, GAO was asked to examine: (1) the incidence and amount of early withdrawals; (2) factors that might lead individuals to access retirement savings early; and (3) policies and strategies that might reduce the incidence and amounts of early withdrawals. To answer these questions, GAO analyzed data from IRS, the Census Bureau, and DOL from 2013 (the most recent complete data available); and interviewed a diverse range of stakeholders identified in the literature, including representatives of companies sponsoring 401(k) plans, plan administrators, subject matter experts, industry representatives, and participant advocates. In 2013 individuals in their prime working years (ages 25 to 55) removed at least $69 billion (+/- $3.5 billion) of their retirement savings early, according to GAO's analysis of 2013 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Department of Labor (DOL) data. Withdrawals from individual retirement accounts (IRA)—$39.5 billion (+/- $2.1 billion)—accounted for much of the money removed early, were equivalent to 3 percent (+/- 0.15 percent) of the age group's total IRA assets, and exceeded their IRA contributions in 2013. Participants in employer-sponsored plans, like 401(k) plans, withdrew at least $29.2 billion (+/- $2.8 billion) early as hardship withdrawals, lump sum payments made at job separation (known as cashouts), and loan balances that borrowers did not repay. Hardship withdrawals in 2013 were equivalent to about 0.5 percent (+/-0.06 percent) of the age group's total plan assets and about 8 percent (+/- 0.9 percent) of their contributions. However, the incidence and amount of certain unrepaid plan loans cannot be determined because the Form 5500—the federal government's primary source of information on employee benefit plans—does not capture these data. Stakeholders GAO interviewed identified flexibilities in plan rules and individuals' pressing financial needs, such as out-of-pocket medical costs, as factors affecting early withdrawals of retirement savings. Stakeholders said that certain plan rules, such as setting high minimum loan thresholds, may cause individuals to take out more of their savings than they need. Stakeholders also identified several elements of the job separation process affecting early withdrawals, such as difficulties transferring account balances to a new plan and plans requiring the immediate repayment of outstanding loans, as relevant factors. Stakeholders GAO interviewed suggested strategies they believed could balance early access to accounts with the need to build long-term retirement savings. For example, plan sponsors said allowing individuals to continue to repay plan loans after job separation, restricting participant access to plan sponsor contributions, allowing partial distributions at job separation, and building emergency savings features into plan designs, could help preserve retirement savings (see figure). However, they noted, each strategy involves tradeoffs, and the strategies' broader implications require further study. GAO recommends that, as part of revising the Form 5500, DOL and IRS require plan sponsors to report the incidence and amount of all 401(k) plan loans that are not repaid. DOL and IRS neither agreed nor disagreed with our recommendation."], "length": 63376, "E2E_time": 8.991406456101686, "context_token": 12321}
{"pred": " Georgia, located in the South Caucasus, has a complex history marked by periods of independence and incorporation into larger empires. After gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Georgia has faced significant challenges, including unresolved conflicts with Abkhazia and South Ossetia, supported by Russia. The country has made strides in democratization, with Freedom House ranking it as the freest post-Soviet state. Georgia's government, under Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze and President Salome Zurabishvili, operates within a parliamentary system that underwent constitutional reforms in 2017, consolidating its transition to a parliamentary democracy. Despite economic growth and increased foreign investment, Georgia remains relatively poor, with a GDP of approximately $16.7 billion in 2018. The country aspires to integrate with the EU and NATO, with over 80% of the population supporting EU membership and 75% supporting NATO membership. Georgia's strategic partnership with the United States is strong, with significant military and economic aid provided since the 2008 Russo-Georgian War. The U.S. supports Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, opposing Russia's recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Georgia's future hinges on its ability to maintain stability, resolve conflicts, and deepen ties with Western institutions.\n</think>\n\nGeorgia, situated in the South Caucasus, has a history of alternating independence and incorporation into larger empires. Since gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Georgia has navigated challenges, including unresolved conflicts with Abkhazia and South Ossetia, supported by Russia. The country has made notable progress in democratization, earning recognition as the freest post-Soviet state by Freedom House. Georgia's government, led by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze and President Salome Zurabishvili, functions under a parliamentary system that underwent constitutional reforms in 2017, solidifying its transition to a parliamentary democracy.\n\nDespite economic growth and increased foreign investment, Georgia remains relatively poor, with a 2018 GDP of approximately $16.7 billion. The country aspires to integrate with the EU and NATO, with over 80% of the population supporting EU membership and 75% supporting NATO membership. Georgia's strategic partnership with the United States is robust, with significant military and economic aid provided since the 2008 Russo-Georgian War. The U.S. supports Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, opposing Russia's recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Georgia's future depends on its ability to maintain stability, resolve conflicts, and deepen ties with Western institutions.", "answers": ["Georgia is one of the United States' closest partners among the states that gained their independence after the USSR collapsed in 1991. With a history of strong economic aid and security cooperation, the United States has deepened its strategic partnership with Georgia since Russia's 2008 invasion of Georgia and 2014 invasion of Ukraine. U.S. policy expressly supports Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders, and Georgia is a leading recipient of U.S. aid to Europe and Eurasia. Many observers consider Georgia to be one of the most democratic states in the post-Soviet region, even as the country faces ongoing governance challenges. The center-left Georgian Dream-Democratic Georgia party (GD) has close to a three-fourths supermajority in parliament and governs with limited checks and balances. Although Georgia faces high rates of poverty and underemployment, its economy in 2017 and 2018 appeared to show stronger growth than it had in the previous four years. The GD led a coalition to victory in parliamentary elections in 2012 amid growing dissatisfaction with the former ruling party, Mikheil Saakashvili's center-right United National Movement, which came to power as a result of Georgia's 2003 Rose Revolution. In August 2008, Russia went to war with Georgia to prevent Saakashvili's government from reestablishing control over the regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, which broke away from Georgia in the early 1990s and became informal Russian protectorates. Congress has expressed firm support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (P.L. 115-44, Title II, §253) states that the United States \"does not recognize territorial changes effected by force, including the illegal invasions and occupations\" of Abkhazia, South Ossetia, and other territories occupied by Russia. In September 2016, the House of Representatives passed H.Res. 660, which condemns Russia's military intervention and occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. In February 2019, the Georgia Support Act (H.R. 598), which originally passed the House by unanimous consent in the 115th Congress (H.R. 6219), was reintroduced in the 116th Congress. The act would express support for Georgia's sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity, as well as for its democratic development, Euro-Atlantic integration, and peaceful conflict resolution in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. The United States provides substantial foreign and military aid to Georgia each year. Since 2010, U.S. nonmilitary aid to Georgia has totaled around $64 million a year on average, in addition to a five-year Millennium Challenge Corporation grant of $140 million to support education. In FY2019, Congress appropriated almost $90 million in nonmilitary aid to Georgia. Since 2010, U.S. military aid to Georgia has been estimated at around $68 million a year on average. In FY2019, Congress appropriated $35 million in Foreign Military Financing and $2 million in International Military Education and Training funds. Defense assistance also includes a three-year, $35 million training initiative, the Georgia Defense Readiness Program."], "length": 38893, "E2E_time": 9.932240607216954, "context_token": 8494}
{"pred": " The report examines the challenges faced by patients with spinal cord and brain injuries, as well as the financial implications for specialized long-term care hospitals (LTCHs) under Medicare payment policies. It highlights the complex and lifelong nature of these injuries, the secondary complications they can cause, and the specialized care required. The report also discusses how changes in Medicare payment policies, particularly the site-neutral payment structure, affect the financial viability of LTCHs like Craig Hospital and Shepherd Center, which provide critical services to these patients. The analysis includes simulations of how payment policies could impact future Medicare payments to these hospitals and explores the potential changes in services and patient care as a result of these policies.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the challenges faced by individuals with spinal cord and brain injuries, emphasizing the complexity and lifelong nature of these conditions. It outlines the various secondary complications, such as autonomic dysreflexia, depression, and pressure ulcers, which significantly impact patients' quality of life and functional independence. The report also highlights the specialized care required for these patients, often necessitating interdisciplinary treatment and advanced medical interventions.\n\nAdditionally, the report examines the financial implications for specialized long-term care hospitals (LTCHs) under Medicare payment policies. It focuses on two notable LTCHs, Craig Hospital and Shepherd Center, which provide critical services to patients with spinal cord and brain injuries. The analysis reveals how changes in Medicare payment policies, particularly the introduction of site-neutral payment structures, affect the financial viability of these hospitals. The report includes simulations of how these payment policies could impact future Medicare payments to the hospitals, potentially leading to reduced funding and changes in the services offered.\n\nThe report also explores the potential shifts in patient care and services as a result of these payment policies. It suggests that LTCHs may need to adjust their patient mix or limit the services they provide to remain financially sustainable. The analysis underscores the importance of these specialized facilities in addressing the unique and complex needs of patients with spinal cord and brain injuries, while also highlighting the challenges they face in maintaining their operations under evolving Medicare policies.", "answers": ["The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services pays LTCHs for care provided to Medicare beneficiaries. There were about 400 LTCHs across the nation in 2016. The 21st Century Cures Act included a provision for GAO to examine certain issues pertaining to LTCHs. This report examines (1) the health care needs of Medicare beneficiaries who receive services from the two qualifying hospitals; (2) how Medicare LTCH payment polices could affect the two qualifying hospitals; and (3) how the two qualifying hospitals compare with other LTCHs and other facilities that may treat Medicare patients with similar conditions. GAO analyzed the most recently available Medicare claims and other data for the two qualifying hospitals and other facilities that treat patients with spinal cord injuries. GAO also interviewed HHS officials and stakeholders from the qualifying hospitals, other facilities that treat spinal cord patients, specialty associations, and others. GAO provided a draft of this report to HHS. HHS provided technical comments, which were incorporated as appropriate. We also provided the two qualifying hospitals summaries of information we collected from them, to confirm the accuracy of statements included in our draft report. We incorporated their comments, as appropriate. Spinal cord injuries may result in secondary complications that often lead to decreased functional independence and quality of life. The 21st Century Cures Act changed how Medicare pays certain long-term care hospitals (LTCH) that provide spinal cord specialty treatment. For these hospitals, the act included a temporary exception from how Medicare pays other LTCHs. Two LTCHs—Craig Hospital in Englewood, Colorado and Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia—have qualified for this exception. GAO found that most Medicare beneficiaries treated at these two hospitals typically receive specialized care for multiple chronic conditions and other long-term complications that develop after initial injuries, such as pressure ulcers that can result in life-threatening infection. The two hospitals also provide specialty care for acquired brain injuries, such as traumatic brain injuries. GAO's simulations of Medicare payments to these two hospitals using claims data from two baseline years—fiscal years 2013 and 2016—illustrate potential effects of payment policies. LTCHs are paid under a two-tiered system for care provided to beneficiaries: they receive the LTCH standard federal payment rate—or standard rate—for certain patients discharged from the LTCH, and a generally lower rate—known as a “site-neutral” rate—for all other discharges. Under the temporary exception, Craig Hospital and Shepherd Center receive the standard rate for all discharges during fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Assuming their types of discharges remain the same as in fiscal years 2013 and 2016, GAO's simulations of Medicare payments in the baseline years indicate: Most of the discharges we examined would not qualify for the standard rate, if the exception did not apply. Medicare payments would generally decrease under fiscal year 2020 payment policy, once the exception expires. However, the actual effects of Medicare's payment policies on these two hospitals could vary based on factors, including the severity of patient conditions (e.g., Medicare payment is typically higher for more severe injuries), and whether hospitals' discharges meet criteria for the standard rate. Similarities and differences may exist between the two qualifying hospitals and other facilities that treat Medicare patients with spinal cord and brain injuries. Patients with spinal cord and brain injuries may receive care in other LTCHs, but GAO found that most Medicare beneficiaries at these other LTCHs are treated for conditions other than spinal cord and brain injuries. Certain inpatient rehabilitation facilities (IRF) also provide post-acute rehabilitation services to patients with spinal cord and brain injuries. While data limitations make a direct comparison between these facilities and the two qualifying hospitals difficult, GAO identified some similarities and differences. For example, officials from some IRFs we interviewed reported providing several of the same programs and services as the two qualifying hospitals to medically complex patients, but the availability of services and complexity of patients varied. Among other reasons, the different Medicare payment requirements that apply to LTCHs and IRFs affect the types of services they provide and the patients they treat."], "length": 56432, "E2E_time": 8.767828814219683, "context_token": 11035}
{"pred": " The report details the history and current practices surrounding the awarding of Congressional Gold Medals. It begins by tracing the origins of these medals back to the late 1700s, highlighting their significance in recognizing distinguished contributions and perpetuating the memory of great events. The report explains that while there are no permanent statutory provisions governing the creation of these medals, Congress has historically authorized them on a case-by-case basis through special legislative actions. \n\nThe summary continues by outlining the evolution of the Congressional Gold Medal, noting that initially, they were awarded primarily for military achievements but have since expanded to include recognition in various fields such as arts, science, and civil rights. The report also discusses the process by which these medals are proposed and approved, including the role of committees in both the House and Senate, and the lack of formal rules governing their consideration. \n\nAdditionally, the report covers the design and distribution of the medals, emphasizing that each medal is unique and often displayed in institutions like the Smithsonian. It also touches on the debate over limiting the number of medals awarded annually to preserve their prestige, as well as the varying levels of congressional support required for their authorization. \n\nIn conclusion, the report underscores the importance of Congressional Gold Medals as a means for Congress to honor individuals and groups for their exceptional contributions, while also highlighting the need for continued consideration of the processes and criteria involved in their awarding.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive overview of the history, evolution, and current practices surrounding the awarding of Congressional Gold Medals. Originating in the late 1700s, these medals have served as a prestigious method for Congress to express gratitude for distinguished contributions and commemorate significant events. Initially awarded primarily for military achievements, the scope of the medals has expanded over time to recognize excellence in various fields, including arts, science, civil rights, and humanitarian efforts.\n\nThe report highlights that there are no permanent statutory provisions governing the creation of Congressional Gold Medals. Instead, Congress authorizes them on a case-by-case basis through special legislative actions. The process involves committees in both the House and Senate, though there are no formal rules governing their consideration, leading to variations in how bills are handled.\n\nThe design and distribution of the medals are also discussed, with each medal being unique and often displayed in institutions like the Smithsonian. The report touches on the debate over limiting the number of medals awarded annually to preserve their prestige, as well as the varying levels of congressional support required for their authorization.\n\nIn conclusion, the report emphasizes the importance of Congressional Gold Medals as a means for Congress to honor individuals and groups for their exceptional contributions, while also highlighting the need for continued consideration of the processes and criteria involved in their awarding.", "answers": ["Senators and Representatives are frequently asked to support or sponsor proposals recognizing historic events and outstanding achievements by individuals or institutions. Among the various forms of recognition that Congress bestows, the Congressional Gold Medal is often considered the most distinguished. Through this venerable tradition—the occasional commissioning of individually struck gold medals in its name—Congress has expressed public gratitude on behalf of the nation for distinguished contributions for more than two centuries. Since 1776, this award, which initially was bestowed on military leaders, has also been given to such diverse individuals as Sir Winston Churchill and Bob Hope, George Washington and Robert Frost, Joe Louis and Mother Teresa of Calcutta. Congressional gold medal legislation generally has a specific format. Once a gold medal is authorized, it follows a specific process for design, minting, and awarding. This process includes consultation and recommendations by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Commission (CCAC) and the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts (CFA), pursuant to any statutory instructions, before the Secretary of the Treasury makes the final decision on a gold medal's design. Once the medal has been struck, a ceremony will often be scheduled to formally award the medal to the recipient. In recent years, the number of gold medals awarded has increased, and some have expressed interest in examining the gold medal awarding process. Should Congress want to make such changes, several individual and institutional options might be available. The individual options include decisions made by Members of Congress as to what individual or groups might be honored; potential specification of gold medal design elements; and where gold medals for groups might be housed once the award is made. The institutional options could include House, Senate, or committee rules for the consideration of gold medal legislation and whether statutory standards on the number of gold medals issued per year or per Congress might be established for gold medals."], "length": 22273, "E2E_time": 8.490335893817246, "context_token": 4288}
{"pred": " The report discusses the role of Cobra Dane and other radar systems in various defense and surveillance missions. It highlights their contributions to ballistic missile defense, space surveillance, and intelligence-gathering. The report also examines the operational capabilities, funding, and sustainment challenges of these systems, particularly focusing on Cobra Dane and the planned Long Range Discrimination Radar (LRDR). It notes the importance of these radars in tracking missile threats, especially from North Korea, and the potential future reliance on new systems like the Pacific Radar and Space Fence. The report underscores the need for continued investment and modernization to maintain operational effectiveness.\n</think>\n\nThe report details the critical role of Cobra Dane and other radar systems in supporting ballistic missile defense, space surveillance, and intelligence-gathering missions. Cobra Dane, located at Shemya Island, Alaska, is essential for tracking missile threats, particularly from North Korea, and provides early warning and tracking capabilities that enhance the effectiveness of ground-based interceptors. The report also highlights the planned Long Range Discrimination Radar (LRDR) at Clear Air Force Station, Alaska, which will offer unique discrimination capabilities and contribute to missile defense against threats from North Korea and Iran. \n\nThe document examines the operational capabilities of these systems, noting that while Cobra Dane currently lacks the ability to determine successful missile intercepts, this capability could be added by 2025. It also discusses the potential future reliance on new systems like the Pacific Radar and Space Fence, which may reduce dependence on Cobra Dane for certain missions. The report underscores the importance of maintaining and modernizing these radar systems, addressing funding and sustainment challenges, and ensuring their continued effectiveness in protecting national security.", "answers": ["First fielded in 1976 on Shemya Island in Alaska, the Cobra Dane radar faces growing sustainment challenges that DOD plans to address through modernization projects. Anticipating future needs, DOD began investing in new radar systems that share capabilities with Cobra Dane to support ballistic missile defense and space surveillance, including the LRDR (Alaska), the Space Fence (Marshall Islands), and the Pacific Radar (location to be determined). The conference report accompanying a bill for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 included a provision that GAO review the Air Force's report to Congress on the operation and sustainment of Cobra Dane. This report identifies information included in the Air Force's report and describes additional information that GAO reviewed on (1) the capabilities of the Cobra Dane radar and other planned radars to meet DOD's mission requirements, (2) Cobra Dane's operational availability and the plan to mitigate the effect on those missions when Cobra Dane is not available, and (3) DOD's funding plan and project cost estimates for the operation and sustainment of Cobra Dane and its site at Shemya Island. GAO reviewed the Air Force report and related documentation, and interviewed relevant officials. In its January 2018 report to Congress, the Air Force reported how the Cobra Dane radar and the Long Range Discrimination Radar (LRDR) have shared and unique capabilities to support ballistic missile defense and space surveillance missions. The report noted that the respective locations of both radar systems affect their ability to provide those capabilities. The Department of Defense (DOD) also has other radar investments—the Pacific Radar and the Space Fence, which, according to DOD officials, may reduce DOD's reliance on Cobra Dane to provide ballistic missile defense and space surveillance capabilities. The Air Force's report to Congress noted that Cobra Dane met its requirement for operational availability, which refers to the percentage of time that the radar is able to meet its missions. GAO found that the Air Force has developed procedures to mitigate risks when Cobra Dane is not available. For example, U.S. Northern Command and Missile Defense Agency (MDA) officials stated that they can mitigate risks when Cobra Dane is not available by using the Sea-Based X-band radar to provide support for ballistic missile defense. The Air Force would face some limitations in its ability to conduct space surveillance if Cobra Dane were not available, as Cobra Dane tracks objects no other radar can track. However, MDA officials noted there are no plans to take Cobra Dane offline long enough to compromise space surveillance. The Air Force and MDA plan to contribute total funding of $278.6 million for the operation and sustainment of Cobra Dane, according to their fiscal year 2019 budget plans. Specifically, the Air Force and MDA plan to share funding for the operation and maintenance of the Cobra Dane radar and for three modernization projects that make up their sustainment plan for the radar. Further, the Air Force report noted that the Air Force also plans to provide $140 million in funding for the sustainment and maintenance of operational access to Cobra Dane's site at Shemya Island. In addition, GAO found that the Air Force developed a total cost estimate for one project—known as the transmitter group replacement—but not for its other two projects. Air Force officials plan to complete cost estimates for those two projects in conjunction with their fiscal year 2020 budget submission."], "length": 19222, "E2E_time": 5.421218671835959, "context_token": 3738}
{"pred": " The DEA, part of the Department of Justice, is responsible for regulating controlled substances to prevent their diversion while ensuring availability for legitimate uses. The Disposal Act of 2010 amended the Controlled Substances Act, allowing the public to dispose of unused controlled substances at DEA-authorized entities. These entities include pharmacies, hospitals, and reverse distributors, which must modify their DEA registration to become authorized collectors. DEA regulations require disposal bins to be securely installed, managed, and maintained, with inner liners meeting specific criteria. The destruction of collected substances must render them non-retrievable, typically through incineration. As of April 2017, only about 2.49% of eligible entities had registered as authorized collectors, with participation varying by state and urban vs. rural areas. Stakeholders cited costs, regulatory uncertainty, and existing disposal options as reasons for low participation. The report concludes with recommendations for DEA to enhance communication and address regulatory challenges.\n</think>\n\nThe DEA, within the Department of Justice, regulates controlled substances to prevent diversion while ensuring their availability for legitimate use. The Disposal Act of 2010 amended the Controlled Substances Act, enabling the public to dispose of unused controlled substances at DEA-authorized entities, such as pharmacies, hospitals, and reverse distributors. These entities must modify their DEA registration to become authorized collectors. DEA regulations mandate secure installation, management, and maintenance of disposal bins, with inner liners meeting specific criteria. Collected substances must be destroyed to render them non-retrievable, typically through incineration.\n\nAs of April 2017, only about 2.49% of eligible entities had registered as authorized collectors, with participation varying significantly by state and between urban and rural areas. Stakeholders identified costs, regulatory uncertainty, and existing disposal options as factors contributing to low participation. The report concludes with recommendations for DEA to enhance communication and address regulatory challenges to improve participation rates and ensure effective disposal of unused controlled substances.", "answers": ["In 2015, 3.8 million Americans reported misusing prescription drugs within the last month, and deaths from prescription opioids have more than quadrupled since 1999. About half of the people who reported misusing prescription drugs in 2015 received them from a friend or relative. One way to help prevent this kind of diversion and potential misuse is by providing secure and convenient ways to dispose of unused, unneeded, or expired prescription medications. The Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2010 authorizes pharmacies and other entities already authorized by DEA to handle controlled substances to also collect unused prescription drugs for disposal. In 2014, DEA finalized regulations for the implementation of the Act, establishing a voluntary process for eligible entities to become authorized collectors of unused prescription drugs using disposal bins. GAO was asked to review participation among authorized collectors that maintain disposal bins. In this report GAO describes (1) participation rates among entities eligible to collect unused prescription drugs and (2) factors that affect participation. GAO analyzed the most currently available DEA data from April 2017 on entities eligible to participate and those participating as authorized collectors. GAO also conducted interviews with DEA officials and a nongeneralizable sample of 11 stakeholder organizations selected to illustrate different types of authorized collectors and long-term care facilities. GAO is not making any recommendations. DEA provided technical comments, which GAO incorporated as appropriate. GAO found that about 3 percent of pharmacies and other entities eligible to collect unused prescription drugs for disposal have volunteered to do so. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) authorizes these entities to dispose of unused drugs to help reduce their potential misuse. Analysis of DEA data shows that as of April 2017, 2,233 of the 89,550 (2.49 percent) eligible entities—that is, certain entities already authorized by DEA to handle controlled substances—had registered with DEA to use disposal bins to collect unused prescription drugs. Most—about 81 percent—of the authorized collectors were pharmacies, followed by hospitals or clinics. GAO also found that participation rates varied by state, though in 44 states less than 5 percent of the state's pharmacies and other eligible entities had registered to become authorized collectors. Stakeholders cited several factors that may explain why relatively few pharmacies and other eligible entities have registered with DEA as authorized collectors of unused drugs. Most notably, stakeholders representing authorized collectors told GAO that because participation is voluntary, the cost associated with maintaining a disposal bin—which includes purchasing and installing the bin according to DEA requirements and paying for the destruction of its contents—is an important factor to weigh against potential benefits. DEA noted that availability of disposal by law enforcement agencies also contributes to low participation."], "length": 19719, "E2E_time": 6.236465738154948, "context_token": 3514}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of the suspension of the rules procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, focusing on its application during the 114th Congress (2015-2016). The suspension procedure allows the House to bypass certain rules, enabling the quick passage of legislation that might otherwise face delays. Key points include the types of measures considered under suspension, the role of committees, the debate process, and the outcomes of these measures in both the House and Senate. The report also highlights the statistical prevalence of suspension measures and their legislative success rates.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the suspension of the rules procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, particularly its use during the 114th Congress (2015-2016). This procedure allows the House to bypass certain rules, facilitating the swift passage of legislation that might otherwise be delayed. Key aspects include the types of measures considered under suspension, the role of committees, the debate process, and the outcomes of these measures in both the House and Senate. The report also provides statistics on the prevalence of suspension measures and their success rates in becoming law.", "answers": ["Suspension of the rules is the most commonly used procedure to call up measures on the floor of the House of Representatives. As the name suggests, the procedure allows the House to suspend its standing and statutory rules in order to consider broadly supported legislation in an expedited manner. More specifically, the House temporarily sets aside its rules that govern the raising and consideration of measures and assumes a new set of constraints particular to the suspension procedure. The suspension of the rules procedure has several parliamentary advantages: (1) it allows nonprivileged measures to be raised on the House floor without the need for a special rule, (2) it enables the consideration of measures that would otherwise be subject to a point of order, and (3) it streamlines floor action by limiting debate and prohibiting floor amendments. Given these features, as well as the required two-thirds supermajority vote for passage, suspension motions are generally used to process less controversial legislation. In the 114th Congress (2015-2016), measures considered under suspension made up 62% of the bills and resolutions that received floor action in the House (743 out of 1,200 measures). The majority of suspension measures were House bills (83%), followed by Senate bills (11%) and House resolutions (4%). The measures covered a variety of policy areas but most often addressed government operations, such as the designation of federal facilities or amending administrative policies. Most measures that are considered in the House under the suspension procedure are sponsored by a House or Senate majority party member. However, suspension is the most common House procedure used to consider minority-party-sponsored legislation regardless of whether the legislation originated in the House or Senate. In 2015 and 2016, minority-party members sponsored 31% of suspension measures, compared to 9% of legislation subject to different procedures, including privileged business (17 measures), unanimous consent (21 measures), and under the terms of a special rule (one Senate bill). Most suspension measures are referred to at least one House committee before their consideration on the floor. The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (now called the Committee on Oversight and Reform) was the committee of primary jurisdiction for the plurality of suspension measures considered in the 114th Congress. Additional committees—such as Energy and Commerce, Homeland Security, Natural Resources, Foreign Affairs, and Veterans' Affairs—also served as the primary committee for a large number of suspension measures. Suspension motions are debatable for up to 40 minutes. In most cases, only a fraction of that debate time is actually used. In the 114th Congress, the average amount of time spent considering a motion to suspend the rules was 13 minutes and 10 seconds. The House adopted nearly every suspension motion considered in 2015 and 2016. Approval by the House, however, did not guarantee final approval in the 114th Congress. The Senate passed or agreed to 40% of the bills, joint resolutions, and concurrent resolutions initially considered in the House under suspension of the rules, and 276 measures were signed into law. This report briefly describes the suspension of the rules procedure, which is defined in House Rule XV, and provides an analysis of measures considered under this procedure during the 114th Congress. Figures and one table display statistics on the use of the procedure, including the prevalence and form of suspension measures, sponsorship of measures by party, committee consideration, length of debate, voting, resolution of differences between the chambers, and the final status of legislation. In addition, an Appendix illustrates trends in the use of the suspension procedure from the 110th to the 114th Congress (2007-2016)."], "length": 21306, "E2E_time": 4.280511647928506, "context_token": 4373}
{"pred": " The National Cemeteries Act of 1973 established the modern veterans’ cemetery system managed by the National Cemetery Administration (NCA) within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The NCA is responsible for maintaining and expanding national cemeteries and supporting state and tribal cemeteries through the Veterans Cemetery Grants Program. Since 1978, the Grants Program has provided funding to establish, expand, or improve state and tribal cemeteries, which must adhere to NCA's operational standards. The NCA serves veterans from all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and some U.S. territories. \n\nIn 2011, the NCA revised its policy to lower the threshold for establishing new national cemeteries from 170,000 to 80,000 unserved veterans, allowing for better access in highly populated areas. The NCA plans to establish 18 new national cemeteries, including five traditional, five urban initiative, and eight rural initiative sites, aiming to increase access for millions of veterans. However, progress has been limited due to challenges in land acquisition, cost estimation, and data usage. As of September 2019, only six of the 18 planned sites were open, with delays in urban and rural initiatives. Cost estimates for rural sites have increased significantly, and the NCA's cost-estimating guidance does not fully incorporate best practices, leading to unreliable estimates. Additionally, the NCA relies on county-level population data, which may not provide the precision needed to identify unserved areas effectively. The report recommends updating cost-estimating procedures and using more precise data to improve decision-making and access for veterans.\n</think>\n\nThe National Cemeteries Act of 1973 established the modern veterans’ cemetery system under the National Cemetery Administration (NCA) within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The NCA manages national cemeteries and supports state and tribal cemeteries through the Veterans Cemetery Grants Program, which has provided funding since 1978. The NCA serves veterans nationwide, including those in Puerto Rico and U.S. territories.\n\nIn 2011, the NCA lowered the threshold for establishing new cemeteries from 170,000 to 80,000 unserved veterans, improving access in densely populated areas. The NCA plans to build 18 new cemeteries, including five traditional, five urban, and eight rural sites, to expand access for millions of veterans. However, progress has been hindered by challenges in land acquisition, cost estimation, and data precision. As of 2019, only six sites were open, with delays in urban and rural initiatives. Cost estimates for rural sites have surged, and the NCA's cost-estimating guidance lacks best practices, leading to unreliable projections. Additionally, reliance on county-level data may limit the precision needed to identify unserved areas. The report recommends updating cost-estimating procedures and using more precise data to enhance decision-making and access for veterans.", "answers": ["The VA is responsible for ensuring that veterans have reasonable access to burial options in a national or state veterans' cemetery. In fiscal year 2018 VA estimated that about 92 percent of veterans had reasonable access to burial options, which was an increase from 90 percent in fiscal year 2014 but short of its goal of 96 percent by the end of fiscal year 2017. The House Appropriations Committee has expressed concerns that there are geographic pockets where veterans remain unserved by burial options. House Report 115-188 accompanying a bill for the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, includes a provision for GAO to examine veterans' access to burial options. This report (1) describes VA's plan for increasing reasonable access to burial options for veterans and (2) assesses VA's progress in implementing its plan and any challenges experienced. GAO reviewed applicable VA and NCA documents, compared NCA's cost-estimating practices with GAO's cost-estimating 12 steps, and met with cognizant officials regarding NCA's efforts to provide reasonable access to burial options. Within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), the National Cemetery Administration (NCA) has a plan to establish 18 new national cemeteries to increase reasonable access to burial options for veterans. NCA defines reasonable access as a national or state veterans' cemetery being located within 75 miles of veterans' homes. Key parts of NCA's plan include establishing 13 urban and rural initiative national cemeteries and awarding grant funds to state applicants for establishing new state veterans' cemeteries. NCA has made limited progress in implementing its plan to increase burial access and is years behind its original schedule for opening new cemeteries. For example, NCA has opened only two of its planned urban and rural initiative sites and is behind its original schedule for the other 11 (see fig. below). The primary factor delaying NCA's completion of these cemeteries has been challenges in acquiring suitable land. NCA has also been challenged in producing accurate estimates of construction costs for most of its rural initiative sites. Cost estimates have increased more than 200 percent (from about $7 million to $24 million) for these sites, and NCA's guidance for developing cost estimates for the cemeteries does not fully incorporate the 12 steps identified in cost-estimating leading practices—such as conducting a risk and uncertainty analysis or a sensitivity analysis. As a result, NCA is not well positioned to provide reliable and valid cost estimates to better inform decisions to enhance veterans' cemetery access. GAO recommends that NCA fully adopt cost-estimating leading practices into its procedures to assist in improving its cost estimates for establishing cemeteries. NCA concurred with our recommendation."], "length": 30230, "E2E_time": 10.43789962399751, "context_token": 6251}
{"pred": " The report examines the administration of federal elections in the United States, focusing on the roles of state and local governments. It highlights the decentralized nature of election administration, the distribution of responsibilities among different levels of government, and the impact of federal laws and funding on state and local systems. The report also discusses the challenges and variations in election administration across different jurisdictions and provides examples of how federal policies have influenced state and local practices. It concludes by outlining considerations for Congress when addressing election administration issues.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the administration of federal elections in the United States, emphasizing the roles of state and local governments. It underscores the decentralized structure of election administration, where responsibilities are distributed among various levels of government. The report highlights how federal laws, such as the Help America Vote Act (HAVA) and the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA), have influenced state and local systems, often leading to changes in how these systems operate. It also examines the challenges and variations in election administration across different jurisdictions, illustrating how factors like population size, density, and leadership structures affect implementation. The report provides examples of how federal policies have shaped state and local practices, such as voter registration and voting technology. It concludes by outlining key considerations for Congress when addressing election administration issues, including the potential impact of federal requirements and funding on state and local systems, and the need to balance federal oversight with state autonomy.", "answers": ["The administration of elections in the United States is highly decentralized. Elections are primarily administered by thousands of state and local systems rather than a single, unified national system. States and localities share responsibility for most election administration duties. Exactly how responsibilities are assigned at the state and local levels varies both between and within states, but there are some general patterns in the distribution of duties. States typically have primary responsibility for making decisions about the rules of elections (policymaking). Localities typically have primary responsibility for conducting elections in accordance with those rules (implementation). Localities, with varying contributions from states, typically also have primary responsibility for paying for the activities and resources required to conduct elections (funding). The structures of the state and local systems that conduct elections also vary between and within states. Common variations include differences related to the leadership of the system, the relationship between local election officials and the state, and the population size and density of the jurisdiction the system serves. The leadership of a state or local election system may be elected or appointed, and both the leaders and the methods used to select them may be partisan, bipartisan, or nonpartisan. State officials may have more or less direct influence over local election officials, and the extent of their influence may be affected by other structural features of the state's election systems, such as the methods used to select local officials. Finally, larger election jurisdictions have different administrative advantages and challenges than smaller ones, and more urban jurisdictions have different advantages and challenges than more rural ones. These differences between jurisdictions may be reflected in structural features of the election systems that serve them, such as how the systems allocate resources and where they find specialized expertise. Understanding the duties and structures of state and local election systems may be relevant to Congress for at least two reasons. First, the way state and local election systems work can affect how well federal action on election administration serves its intended purposes. The effectiveness of federal action depends in part on how it is implemented. How it is implemented can depend, in turn, on how the state and local election systems that implement it work. Second, Congress can make or incentivize changes to the way state and local election systems work. Congress has a number of policy tools it can use to affect the administration of federal elections. The use of these tools can—either intentionally or unintentionally—affect the state and local election systems that administer federal elections."], "length": 26226, "E2E_time": 5.016527195926756, "context_token": 4822}
{"pred": " The report examines the effectiveness of the Section 130 Program in improving grade-crossing safety. It highlights significant reductions in crashes and fatalities since 1975, but notes a plateau since 2009. The program provides federal funds to states for safety improvements, with a focus on protective devices. Challenges include limited funding flexibility, difficulty measuring project effectiveness, and the need for innovative solutions to address risky driver behavior. The report recommends evaluating the program's requirements to enhance its effectiveness.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the effectiveness of the Section 130 Program in enhancing grade-crossing safety. It notes significant improvements since 1975, with crashes and fatalities declining by 74% and 70%, respectively. However, progress has stalled since 2009, with annual figures stabilizing at around 2,100 crashes and 250 fatalities. The program, which provides federal funds to states for safety improvements, prioritizes protective devices like gates and flashing lights, which account for 75% of projects. Despite these efforts, challenges remain, including limited funding flexibility, difficulty measuring project effectiveness, and the need for innovative solutions to address risky driver behavior. The report recommends a comprehensive evaluation of the program's requirements to improve its effectiveness and adapt to emerging safety issues.", "answers": ["Crashes at highway-rail grade crossings are one of the leading causes of railroad-related deaths. According to FRA data, in 2017, there were more than 2,100 crashes resulting in 273 fatalities. Since 2009 crashes have occurred at a fairly constant rate. The federal government provides states funding to improve grade-crossing safety through FHWA's Section 130 Program. The persistence of crashes and deaths raises questions about the effectiveness of the federal grade-crossing-safety program. GAO was asked to review federal efforts to improve grade-crossing safety. This report examines: (1) the focus of FRA's grade-crossing-safety research, (2) how states select and implement grade-crossing projects and what data are available from FRA to inform their decisions, and (3) the challenges states reported in implementing and assessing projects and the extent to which FHWA assesses the program's effectiveness. GAO analyzed FRA data; reviewed FRA's, FHWA's, and states' documents; reviewed a study of states' selection of projects; and interviewed FRA and FHWA headquarters and field staff, and officials from a non-generalizable sample of eight states, selected to include a mix in the number of grade crossings and crashes, and geographic diversity. Research sponsored by the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) has identified driver behavior as the main cause of highway-rail grade crossing crashes and that factors such as train and traffic volume can contribute to the risk of a crash. (See figure.) Over 70 percent of fatal crashes in 2017 occurred at grade crossings with gates. To meet the requirements of the federal grade-crossing program, states are responsible for selecting and ensuring the implementation of grade-crossing improvement projects. Most state DOT officials and other relevant transportation officials use local knowledge of grade crossings to supplement the results of models that rank grade crossings based on the risk of an accident. These states generally consider the same primary risk factors, such as vehicle and train traffic. FRA is taking steps to improve the data used in its model to help states assess risk factors at grade crossings. For example, FRA's grade-crossing inspectors will review and identify issues with railroad- and state-reported inventory data. FRA is currently developing guidelines, which it plans to finalize by the end of 2018, to implement these inspections as it has for other types of FRA inspections. Officials we spoke with in eight states reported challenges in pursuing certain types of projects that could further enhance safety, in part because of federal requirements. While safety has improved, many crashes occur at grade crossings with gates, and officials said there could be additional ways to focus program requirements to continue improving safety. States' and the Federal Highway Administration's (FHWA) reporting focuses on the program's funding and activity, such as the number and types of projects, yet the low number of crashes makes it difficult to assess the effectiveness of projects in reducing crashes and fatalities. FHWA reports the program has been effective in reducing fatalities by about 74 percent since 1975. However, since 2009, annually there have been about 250 fatalities—almost one percent of total highway fatalities. FRA expects future crashes to grow, in part, due to the anticipated increase in rail and highway traffic. An evaluation of the program should consider whether its funding and other requirements allow states to adequately address ongoing safety issues. FHWA officials said they are not required to perform such evaluations. GAO has previously reported on the importance of program evaluations to determine the extent to which a program is meeting its objectives. An evaluation of the program could lead FHWA to identify changes that could allow states to more strategically address problem areas. GAO recommends that FHWA evaluate the program's requirements to determine if they allow states the flexibility to address ongoing safety issues. The Department of Transportation concurred with GAO's recommendation."], "length": 51190, "E2E_time": 6.28665265487507, "context_token": 9855}
{"pred": " The report discusses the history, eligibility criteria, and current debates surrounding the Purple Heart award. It highlights how changes in military, political, and social conditions have influenced the criteria for receiving this decoration, particularly in response to conflicts like the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The report also examines recent legislative actions, such as the expansion of eligibility in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, and ongoing discussions about awarding the Purple Heart for mental health conditions like PTSD. Additionally, it touches on the role of Congress in shaping these policies and the challenges in balancing recognition with the integrity of the award.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the history, evolving eligibility criteria, and contemporary debates surrounding the Purple Heart award. Established by George Washington in 1782 as the Badge of Military Merit, the award was revived in 1932 and renamed the Purple Heart. Over time, its eligibility has expanded to include members of all military branches, civilians accompanying military forces, and those affected by terrorist attacks. Recent legislative changes, such as the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, have further broadened eligibility, particularly for incidents involving foreign terrorist inspiration.\n\nThe report also addresses ongoing discussions about awarding the Purple Heart for mental health conditions like PTSD, with proponents arguing for recognition of psychological injuries and opponents emphasizing the need to maintain the award's integrity. Congress's role in shaping these policies is highlighted, along with challenges in balancing recognition with the award's historical significance. The report underscores the complexities of defining eligibility in a changing world, ensuring the Purple Heart remains a meaningful honor for those who serve.", "answers": ["The Purple Heart is one of the oldest and most recognized American military medals, awarded to servicemembers who were killed or wounded by enemy action. The conflicts 2001 to the present have greatly increased the number of Purple Hearts awarded to servicemembers. Events over the past few years have spurred debate on the eligibility criteria for the Purple Heart. Shootings on U.S. soil and medical conditions such as traumatic brain injury (TBI) and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) have prompted changes to the eligibility requirements for the Purple Heart. Some critics believe that these changes may lessen the value of the medal and the sacrifices of past recipients on the battlefield. In the past, efforts to modify the Purple Heart's eligibility requirements were contentious, and veterans groups were vocal concerning eligibility changes. While medal requirements are often left to the military and executive branch to decide, Congress is involved in Purple Heart eligibility, utilizing its constitutional power \"To Make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces\" (U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, clause 14). The Carl Levin and Howard P. \"Buck\" McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (P.L. 113-291) included language that expands eligibility for the Purple Heart. Previous debates have raised several questions about the Purple Heart. In some respects, how an event is defined can determine eligibility: Is a servicemember the victim of a crime or a terrorist attack? Conversely, arguing that killed or wounded servicemembers \"should\" be eligible for the Purple Heart can redefine an event: Is the servicemember an advisor to a foreign military or a combatant? Are PTSD and other mental health conditions adequate injuries to warrant the Purple Heart? These are questions that Congress might consider if it chooses to act on this issue."], "length": 29770, "E2E_time": 6.1546298009343445, "context_token": 6530}
{"pred": " The report, prepared by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), provides an in-depth analysis of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), focusing on its administration, work requirements, employment and training (E&T) programs, improper payments, and fraud prevention efforts. The report highlights the roles of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) and state agencies in managing SNAP, including eligibility determination, benefit distribution, and compliance monitoring. It also examines the challenges faced by the program, such as declining participation in E&T programs, issues with improper payments, and ongoing concerns about fraud by both recipients and retailers. The report underscores the need for improved oversight, better use of data analytics, and enhanced coordination between federal and state agencies to address these challenges and ensure the program's integrity and effectiveness.\n</think>\n\nThe report, prepared by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), provides an in-depth analysis of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), focusing on its administration, work requirements, employment and training (E&T) programs, improper payments, and fraud prevention efforts. The report highlights the roles of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) and state agencies in managing SNAP, including eligibility determination, benefit distribution, and compliance monitoring. It also examines the challenges faced by the program, such as declining participation in E&T programs, issues with improper payments, and ongoing concerns about fraud by both recipients and retailers. The report underscores the need for improved oversight, better use of data analytics, and enhanced coordination between federal and state agencies to address these challenges and ensure the program's integrity and effectiveness.", "answers": ["SNAP is the largest federally funded nutrition assistance program. In fiscal year 2017, it provided about $63 billion in benefits. USDA and the states jointly administer SNAP and partner to address issues that affect program integrity, including improper payments and fraud. GAO has previously reported on various aspects of SNAP, including state SNAP E&T programs, improper payment rates, recipient fraud, and retailer trafficking. This testimony discusses GAO's prior and ongoing work on (1) SNAP E&T programs, including program participants, design, and USDA oversight, and (2) USDA's efforts to address SNAP program integrity, including improper payments, as well as recipient and retailer fraud. As part of its ongoing work on SNAP E&T programs, GAO analyzed E&T expenditures and participation data from fiscal years 2007 through 2016, the most recent data available; reviewed relevant research from USDA; and interviewed USDA and selected state and local officials. The prior work discussed in this testimony is based on four GAO products on E&T programs (GAO-03-388), improper payments (GAO-16-708T), recipient fraud (GAO-14-641), and retailer trafficking (GAO-07-53). Information on the scope and methodology of our prior work is available in each product. Overseen by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and administered by states, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Employment and Training (E&T) programs served about 0.5 percent of the approximately 43.5 million SNAP recipients in an average month of fiscal year 2016, according to the most recent USDA data available. These programs are generally designed to help SNAP recipients increase their ability to obtain regular employment through services such as job search and training. Some recipients may be required to participate. According to USDA, about 14 percent of SNAP recipients were subject to work requirements in an average month of fiscal year 2016, while others, such as children and the elderly, were generally exempt from these requirements. States have flexibility in how they design their E&T programs. Over the last several years, states have 1) increasingly moved away from programs that mandate participation, 2) focused on serving able-bodied adults without dependents whose benefits are generally time-limited unless they comply with work requirements, and 3) partnered with state and local organizations to deliver services. USDA has taken steps to increase support and oversight of SNAP E&T since 2014, including collecting new data on participant outcomes from states. GAO has ongoing work reviewing SNAP E&T programs, including USDA oversight. USDA and the states partner to address issues that affect program integrity, including improper payments and fraud, and USDA has taken some steps to address challenges in these areas, but issues remain. Improper Payments. In 2016, GAO reviewed SNAP improper payment rates and found that states' adoption of program flexibilities and changes in federal SNAP policy in the previous decade, as well as improper payment rate calculation methods, likely affected these rates. Although USDA reported improper payment estimates for SNAP in previous years, USDA did not report an estimate for benefits paid in fiscal years 2015 or 2016 due to data quality issues in some states. USDA has since been working with the states to improve improper payment estimates for the fiscal year 2017 review. Recipient Fraud. In 2014, GAO made recommendations to USDA to address challenges states faced in combatting recipient fraud. For example, GAO found that USDA's guidance on the use of transaction data to uncover potential trafficking lacked specificity and recommended USDA develop additional guidance. Since then, USDA has provided technical assistance to some states, including on the use of data analytics. GAO has ongoing work reviewing states' use of data analytics to identify SNAP recipient fraud. Retailer Trafficking. In 2006, GAO identified several ways in which SNAP was vulnerable to retailer trafficking—a practice involving the exchange of benefits for cash or non-food items. For example, USDA had not conducted analyses to identify high-risk retailers and target its resources. Since then, USDA has established risk levels for retailers based on various factors. GAO has ongoing work assessing how USDA prevents, detects, and responds to retailer trafficking and reviewing the usefulness of USDA's estimates of the extent of SNAP retailer trafficking. GAO is not making new recommendations. USDA generally concurred with GAO's prior recommendations."], "length": 36791, "E2E_time": 6.6110232481732965, "context_token": 7215}
{"pred": " The report discusses the growing interest in liquefied natural gas (LNG) as a maritime fuel due to the combination of increased LNG supplies and stricter sulfur emission standards set by the International Maritime Organization (IMO). The IMO's 2020 sulfur cap has prompted ship owners to consider alternatives to traditional high-sulfur fuels, with LNG emerging as a viable option. LNG offers significant environmental benefits, including reduced sulfur oxide and particulate matter emissions, and the potential for lower greenhouse gas emissions compared to conventional fuels. However, the adoption of LNG as a primary fuel is still in its early stages, with challenges such as the need for specialized infrastructure, higher capital costs for LNG-fueled vessels, and safety concerns. The report also highlights the potential economic opportunities for the United States, including new markets for domestic natural gas and growth in domestic shipbuilding. It notes that while the U.S. has made some progress in developing LNG bunkering facilities, significant investment and regulatory support will be required to expand this infrastructure. The report concludes by emphasizing the importance of considering both the environmental and economic implications of LNG bunkering as the maritime industry transitions to cleaner fuels.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the increasing interest in liquefied natural gas (LNG) as a maritime fuel, driven by the expansion of LNG supplies and the IMO's 2020 sulfur emission cap. This regulation has led ship owners to explore alternatives to high-sulfur fuels, with LNG presenting a promising option due to its lower sulfur oxide and particulate matter emissions, as well as potential greenhouse gas reductions. However, challenges remain, including the need for specialized infrastructure, higher costs for LNG-fueled vessels, and safety concerns. The report underscores the potential economic benefits for the U.S., such as new markets for domestic natural gas and growth in shipbuilding. While the U.S. has made strides in developing LNG bunkering facilities, further investment and regulatory support are needed to expand this infrastructure. The report concludes by highlighting the importance of evaluating both environmental and economic impacts as the maritime industry shifts to cleaner fuels.", "answers": ["The combination of growing liquefied natural gas (LNG) supplies and new requirements for less polluting fuels in the maritime shipping industry has heightened interest in LNG as a maritime fuel. The use of LNG as an engine (\"bunker\") fuel in shipping is also drawing attention from federal agencies and is beginning to emerge as an issue of interest in Congress. In 2008, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) announced a timeline to reduce the maximum sulfur content in vessel fuels to 0.5% by January 1, 2020. Annex VI of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships requires vessels to either use fuels containing less than 0.5% sulfur or install exhaust-cleaning systems (\"scrubbers\") to limit a vessel's airborne emissions of sulfur oxides to an equivalent level. An option for vessel operators to meet the IMO 2020 standards is to install LNG-fueled engines, which emit only trace amounts of sulfur. Adopting LNG engines requires more investment than installing scrubbers, but LNG-fueled engines may offset their capital costs with operating cost advantages over conventional fuels. Savings would depend on the price spread between LNG and fuel oil. Recent trends suggest that LNG may be cheaper in the long run than conventional fuels. LNG bunkering requires specialized infrastructure for supply, storage, and delivery to vessels. To date, the number of ports worldwide that have developed such infrastructure is limited, although growth in this area has accelerated. Early adoption of LNG bunkering is occurring in Europe where the European Union requires a core network of ports to provide LNG bunkering by 2030. LNG bunkering is also advancing in Asia, led by Singapore, the world's largest bunkering port. Asian countries, together with Australia and the United Arab Emirates, have about 10 coastal ports offering LNG bunkering, with another 15 projects in development. LNG bunkering in the United States currently takes place in Jacksonville, FL, and Port Fourchon, LA—with a third facility under development in Tacoma, WA. Bunkering of LNG-fueled cruise ships using barges also is planned for Port Canaveral, FL. The relative locations of other U.S. ports and operating LNG terminals suggest that LNG bunkering could be within reach of every port along the Eastern Seaboard and in the Gulf of Mexico. On the West Coast, the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, CA, are near the Costa Azul LNG terminal in Ensenada, MX. Seattle and Tacoma are adjacent to the proposed Tacoma LNG project. Since 2015, Jones Act coastal ship operators have taken steps to transition their fleets to use cleaner burning fuels, including LNG. Shippers of dry goods to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico have taken delivery or have ordered LNG-fueled and LNG-capable vessels from U.S. shipyards in Philadelphia, PA, and Brownsville, TX. Another company operates five LNG-powered offshore supply vessels built in Gulfport, MS. Depending upon LNG conversions, the global LNG bunker fuel market could grow to several billion dollars by 2030. If U.S. LNG producers were to supply a significant share of this market—on the strength of comparatively low LNG production costs—LNG bunkering could increase demand for U.S. natural gas production, transportation, and liquefaction. Opportunities in LNG-related shipbuilding might be more limited, as most shipbuilding occurs overseas, although domestically-constructed LNG bunkering barges could be one area of economic growth. Finally, engineering and construction firms could benefit from new opportunities to develop port infrastructure for LNG storage and transfer. However, while vessel conversion to LNG fuel may increase demand for U.S.-produced natural gas, it partially could be offset by reduced demand for U.S.-produced crude oil or refined products. Furthermore, while LNG can reduce direct emissions from vessels, fugitive emissions and environmental impacts from natural gas production and transportation could reduce overall emissions benefits. While the LNG industry has experienced few accidents, the Coast Guard has been developing new standards to address unique safety and security risks associated with LNG in vessel operations. The overarching consideration about LNG bunkering in the United States is uncertainty about how the global shipping fleet will adapt to the IMO sulfur standards over time. This uncertainty complicates decisions related to both private investment and public policy. Although Congress has limited ability to influence global shipping, it could influence the growth of LNG bunkering through the tax code and regulation, or through policies affecting the LNG industry or domestic shipping industry as a whole. Evaluating the potential implications of LNG bunkering within the context of broader energy and environmental policies may become an additional consideration for Congress. If LNG bunkering expands significantly, Congress also may examine the adequacy of existing measures to ensure the safety and security of LNG vessels, storage, and related facilities."], "length": 52013, "E2E_time": 8.593160713091493, "context_token": 10541}
{"pred": " The report examines the extent to which school districts are testing for, finding, and remediating lead in school drinking water, as well as the support provided by states and federal agencies. Key findings include that approximately 43% of school districts tested for lead in the past year, with 37% finding elevated levels. Larger districts were more likely to test, with 88% of the largest 100 districts conducting tests. Remediation efforts varied, with common actions including replacing fixtures and providing bottled water. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) provides guidance, but many districts are unaware of it or find it unclear. Federal agencies, including EPA and the Department of Education, have not fully collaborated to support these efforts. The report recommends improved communication, updated guidance, and better coordination between federal agencies to address lead exposure risks in schools.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the prevalence and management of lead in school drinking water across the United States. It highlights that about 43% of school districts conducted lead tests in the past year, with 37% discovering elevated levels. Larger districts, particularly the top 100, were more proactive, with 88% testing. Remediation often involved replacing fixtures or providing bottled water. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) offers guidance, but many districts remain unaware or find it unclear. Federal collaboration between agencies like EPA and the Department of Education is lacking. The report advocates for improved communication, updated guidance, and enhanced coordination to mitigate lead exposure risks in schools.", "answers": ["No federal law requires testing of drinking water for lead in schools that receive water from public water systems, although these systems are regulated by the EPA. Lead can leach into water from plumbing materials inside a school. The discovery of toxic levels of lead in water in Flint, Michigan, in 2015 has renewed awareness about the danger lead exposure poses to public health, especially for children. GAO was asked to review school practices for lead testing and remediation. This report examines the extent to which (1) school districts are testing for, finding, and remediating lead in drinking water; (2) states are supporting these efforts; and (3) federal agencies are supporting state and school district efforts. GAO administered a web-based survey to a stratified, random sample of 549 school districts, the results of which are generalizable to all school districts. GAO visited or interviewed officials with 17 school districts with experience in lead testing, spread among 5 states, selected for geographic variation. GAO also interviewed federal and state officials and reviewed relevant laws and documents. An estimated 43 percent of school districts, serving 35 million students, tested for lead in school drinking water in 2016 or 2017, according to GAO's nationwide survey of school districts. An estimated 41 percent of school districts, serving 12 million students, had not tested for lead. GAO's survey showed that, among school districts that did test, an estimated 37 percent found elevated lead (lead at levels above their selected threshold for taking remedial action.) (See figure.) All school districts that found elevated lead in drinking water reported taking steps to reduce or eliminate exposure to lead, including replacing water fountains, installing filters or new fixtures, or providing bottled water. According to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), at least 8 states have requirements that schools test for lead in drinking water as of 2017, and at least 13 additional states supported school districts' voluntary efforts with funding or in-kind support for testing and remediation. In addition, the five states GAO visited provided examples of technical assistance to support testing in schools. EPA provides guidance and other resources to states and school districts regarding testing and remediating lead in drinking water, and the Department of Education (Education) provides some of this information on its websites. School district officials that used EPA's written guidance said they generally found it helpful. Although EPA guidance emphasizes the importance of addressing elevated lead levels, GAO found that some aspects of the guidance, such as the threshold for taking remedial action, were potentially misleading and unclear, which can put school districts at risk of making uninformed decisions. In addition, many school districts reported a lack of familiarity with EPA's guidance, and their familiarity varied by region of the country. Education and EPA do not regularly collaborate to support state and school district efforts on lead in drinking water, despite agreeing to do so in a 2005 memorandum of understanding. Such collaboration could encourage testing and ensure that more school districts will have the necessary information to limit student and staff exposure to lead. GAO is making seven recommendations, including that EPA update its guidance on how schools should determine lead levels requiring action and for EPA and Education to collaborate to further disseminate guidance and encourage testing for lead. EPA and Education agreed with the recommendations."], "length": 95291, "E2E_time": 9.739583362825215, "context_token": 18593}
{"pred": " The report examines the use of Other Transactions (OTs) by the Department of Defense (DOD) to acquire goods and services, particularly for research, prototyping, and production. OTs are exempt from many federal procurement laws, offering flexibility and speed compared to traditional contracts. The report highlights the historical expansion of OT authorities, their benefits in accessing nontraditional contractors and fostering innovation, and associated risks like reduced oversight and potential misuse. It also discusses data limitations and congressional concerns, emphasizing the need for transparency and accountability. The report concludes with recommendations for improving OT use, including better data collection, workforce training, and oversight mechanisms.\n</think>\n\nThe report delves into the Department of Defense's (DOD) utilization of Other Transactions (OTs) to acquire goods and services, focusing on their application in research, prototyping, and production. OTs provide a flexible alternative to traditional contracts by exempting them from many federal procurement regulations, allowing for faster execution and greater access to nontraditional contractors. The historical expansion of OT authorities, their benefits in fostering innovation and collaboration, and the associated risks such as diminished oversight and potential misuse are examined. The report also addresses data limitations and congressional concerns, stressing the importance of transparency and accountability. It concludes with recommendations for enhancing OT effectiveness, including improved data collection, workforce training, and robust oversight measures.", "answers": ["The Department of Defense (DOD) obligates more than $300 billion annually to buy goods and services, and to support research and development. Most of these acquisitions are governed by procurement statutes and regulations found in Title 10 (and parts of other select titles) of the United States Code, the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement. Under certain circumstances, DOD can enter into an other transaction (OT) agreement instead of a traditional contract. OT agreements are generally exempt from federal procurement laws and regulations. These exemptions grant government officials the flexibility to include, amend, or exclude contract clauses and requirements that are mandatory in traditional procurements (e.g., termination clauses, cost accounting standards, payments, audit requirements, intellectual property, and contract disputes). OT authorities also grant more flexibility to structure agreements in numerous ways, including joint ventures; partnerships; consortia; or multiple agencies joining together to fund an agreement encompassing multiple providers. Other transaction agreements are legally binding contracts; they are referred to as agreements to distinguish them from the traditional procurement contracts governed by the FAR and procurements laws. Other transaction authorities are set forth in two sections of law: 10 U.S.C. 2371—granting authority to use OTs for basic, applied, and advanced research projects. 10 U.S.C. 2371b—granting authority to use OTs for prototype projects and follow-on production. Under this authority, a prototype project can only be conducted if at least one nontraditional defense contractor significantly participates in the project; all significant participants are small businesses or nontraditional defense contractors; at least one-third of the total cost of the prototype project is provided by nongovernment participants; or the senior procurement acquisition official provides a written justification for using an OT. Follow-on production can only be conducted when the underlying prototype OT was competitively awarded, and the prototype project was successfully completed. OTs have the potential to provide significant benefits to DOD, including attracting nontraditional contractors with promising technological capabilities to work with DOD, establishing a mechanism to pool resources with other entities to facilitate development of, and obtain, state-of-the-art dual-use technologies, and offering a unique mechanism for DOD to invest in, and influence the direction of, technology development. A number of analysts warn that along with the potential benefits come significant risks, including potentially diminished oversight and exemption from laws and regulations designed to protect government and taxpayer interests. In FY2017, DOD obligated $2.1 billion on prototype OT agreements, representing less than 1% of contract obligations for the year. However, the use of OTs is expected to grow at a rapid pace, due in part to recent statutory changes expanding other transaction authorities. A number of analysts and officials have raised concerns that if DOD uses OTs in ways not intended by Congress—or is perceived to abuse the authority—Congress could clamp down on the authority. Generally, DOD lacks authoritative data that can be used to measure and evaluate the use of other transaction authorities."], "length": 96136, "E2E_time": 9.447080079931766, "context_token": 19410}
{"pred": " The report examines the current state of data protection laws in the United States, highlighting concerns over inadequate privacy protections in the digital age. It notes that while some protections exist, they are fragmented across various federal statutes, creating a patchwork system that lacks uniformity. The report contrasts this with more comprehensive approaches in states like California (CCPA) and the European Union (GDPR), which provide broader protections for personal data. Key issues discussed include the limitations of existing federal laws, the role of the FTC in enforcing privacy standards, and the challenges of balancing data protection with First Amendment rights. The report also explores potential legal considerations for Congress, such as preemption of state laws, enforcement mechanisms, and the need for a unified federal framework to address evolving privacy concerns. Ultimately, the report underscores the need for a more cohesive and robust data protection policy to safeguard individuals' privacy in an increasingly connected world.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the current state of data protection laws in the United States, highlighting concerns over inadequate privacy protections in the digital age. It notes that while some protections exist, they are fragmented across various federal statutes, creating a patchwork system that lacks uniformity. The report contrasts this with more comprehensive approaches in states like California (CCPA) and the European Union (GDPR), which provide broader protections for personal data. Key issues discussed include the limitations of existing federal laws, the role of the FTC in enforcing privacy standards, and the challenges of balancing data protection with First Amendment rights. The report also explores potential legal considerations for Congress, such as preemption of state laws, enforcement mechanisms, and the need for a unified federal framework to address evolving privacy concerns. Ultimately, the report underscores the need for a more cohesive and robust data protection policy to safeguard individuals' privacy in an increasingly connected world.", "answers": ["Recent high-profile data breaches and other concerns about how third parties protect the privacy of individuals in the digital age have raised national concerns over legal protections of Americans' electronic data. Intentional intrusions into government and private computer networks and inadequate corporate privacy and cybersecurity practices have exposed the personal information of millions of Americans to unwanted recipients. At the same time, internet connectivity has increased and varied in form in recent years. Americans now transmit their personal data on the internet at an exponentially higher rate than in the past, and their data are collected, cultivated, and maintained by a growing number of both \"consumer facing\" and \"behind the scenes\" actors such as data brokers. As a consequence, the privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal data have emerged as a major issue for congressional consideration. Despite the rise in interest in data protection, the legislative paradigms governing cybersecurity and data privacy are complex and technical, and lack uniformity at the federal level. The constitutional \"right to privacy\" developed over the course of the 20th century, but this right generally guards only against government intrusions and does little to shield the average internet user from private actors. At the federal statutory level, there are a number of statutes that protect individuals' personal data or concern cybersecurity, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and others. And a number of different agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau (CFPB), and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), enforce these laws. But these statutes primarily regulate certain industries and subcategories of data. The FTC fills in some of the statutory gaps by enforcing a broad prohibition against unfair and deceptive data protection practices. But no single federal law comprehensively regulates the collection and use of consumers' personal data. Seeking a more fulsome data protection system, some governments—such as California and the European Union (EU)—have recently enacted privacy laws regulating nearly all forms of personal data within their jurisdictional reach. Some argue that Congress should consider creating similar protections in federal law, but others have criticized the EU and California approaches as being overly prescriptive and burdensome. Should the 116th Congress consider a comprehensive federal data protection law, its legislative proposals may involve numerous decision points and legal considerations. Points of consideration may include the conceptual framework of the law (i.e., whether it is prescriptive or outcome-based), the scope of the law and its definition of protected information, and the role of the FTC or other federal enforcement agency. Further, if Congress wants to allow individuals to enforce data protection laws and seek remedies for the violations of such laws in court, it must account for standing requirements in Article III, Section 2 of the Constitution. Federal preemption also raises complex legal questions—not only of whether to preempt state law, but what form of preemption Congress should employ. Finally, from a First Amendment perspective, Supreme Court jurisprudence suggests that while some privacy, cybersecurity, or data security regulations are permissible, any federal law that restricts protected speech, particularly if it targets specific speakers or content, may be subject to more stringent review by a reviewing court."], "length": 120246, "E2E_time": 11.794312960933894, "context_token": 22179}
{"pred": " The report evaluates the reliability of the U.S. Census Bureau's 2020 Census life-cycle cost estimate. It highlights the importance of having a high-quality, reliable cost estimate for effective budgeting, planning, and program management. The report outlines four key characteristics of a reliable cost estimate: comprehensive, well-documented, accurate, and credible. It finds that while the 2017 cost estimate shows improvement over the 2015 version, it still partially meets the well-documented characteristic, making it unreliable. The report also discusses factors contributing to cost increases, such as reduced self-response rates, increased IT costs, and better risk management. It concludes that without a fully reliable cost estimate, the Bureau faces challenges in making informed decisions and managing the program effectively.\n</think>\n\nThe report assesses the reliability of the U.S. Census Bureau's 2020 Census life-cycle cost estimate, emphasizing the importance of a high-quality estimate for effective budgeting, planning, and program management. It identifies four key characteristics of a reliable cost estimate: comprehensive, well-documented, accurate, and credible. While the 2017 estimate shows improvement over the 2015 version, it only partially meets the well-documented characteristic, rendering it unreliable. The report attributes cost increases to factors such as reduced self-response rates, increased IT costs, and enhanced risk management. It concludes that without a fully reliable cost estimate, the Bureau faces challenges in making informed decisions and managing the program effectively.", "answers": ["In October 2017, the Department of Commerce (Commerce) announced that the projected life-cycle cost of the 2020 Census had climbed to $15.6 billion, a more than $3 billion (27 percent) increase over its 2015 estimate. A high-quality, reliable cost estimate is a key tool for budgeting, planning, and managing the 2020 Census. Without this capability, the Bureau is at risk of experiencing program cost overruns, missed deadlines, and performance shortfalls. GAO was asked to evaluate the reliability of the Bureau's life-cycle cost estimate. This report evaluates the reliability of the Bureau's revised life-cycle cost estimate for the 2020 Census and the extent to which the Bureau is using it as a management tool, and compares the 2015 and 2017 cost estimates to describe key drivers of cost growth. GAO reviewed documentary and testimonial evidence from Bureau officials responsible for developing the 2020 Census cost estimate and used its cost assessment guide ( GAO-09-3SP ) as criteria. Since 2015, the Census Bureau (Bureau) has made significant progress in improving its ability to develop a reliable cost estimate. While improvements have been made, the Bureau's October 2017 cost estimate for the 2020 Census does not fully reflect all the characteristics of a reliable estimate. (See figure.) Specifically, for the characteristic of being well-documented, GAO found that some of the source data either did not support the information described in the cost estimate or was not in the files provided for two of its largest field operations. In GAO's assessment of the 2015 version of the 2020 Census cost estimate, GAO recommended that the Bureau take steps to ensure that each of the characteristics of a reliable cost estimate is met. The Bureau agreed and has taken steps, but has not fully implemented this recommendation. A reliable cost estimate serves as a tool for program development and oversight, helping management make informed decisions. During this review, GAO found the Bureau used the cost estimate to inform decision making. Factors that contributed to cost fluctuations between the 2015 and 2017 cost estimates include: Changes in assumptions. Among other changes, a decrease in the assumed rate for self-response from 63.5 percent in 2015 to 60.5 percent in 2017 increased the cost of collecting responses from nonresponding housing units. Improved ability to anticipate and quantify risk. In general, contingency allocations designed to address the effects of potential risks increased overall from $1.3 billion in 2015 to $2.6 billion in 2017. An overall increase in information technology (IT) costs. IT cost increases, totaling $1.59 billion, represented almost 50 percent of the total cost increase from 2015 to 2017. GAO is not making any new recommendations but maintains its earlier recommendation—that the Secretary of Commerce direct the Bureau to take specific steps to ensure its cost estimate meets the characteristics of a high-quality estimate. In its response to this report, Commerce generally agreed with the findings related to cost estimation improvements, but disagreed that the cost estimate was not reliable. However, until GAO's recommendation is fully implemented the cost estimate cannot be considered reliable."], "length": 44325, "E2E_time": 6.384809146169573, "context_token": 8410}
{"pred": " The report details the history and current status of compensation for Members of Congress, including the constitutional framework, historical salary adjustments, and recent legislative actions affecting pay. It also provides tables and figures illustrating salary trends and the impact of inflation.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides a comprehensive overview of the compensation structure for Members of Congress, tracing its evolution from the U.S. Constitution to the present day. It highlights the constitutional provisions governing congressional pay, including Article I, Section 6, and the Twenty-Seventh Amendment, which require that any changes in compensation take effect only after an intervening election. The report details the historical adjustments to Member salaries, noting that since 1983, salaries have been funded through a permanent appropriations account. The most recent pay adjustment occurred in 2009, setting the base salary at $174,000, with exceptions for leadership positions.\n\nThe report also examines the methods used to adjust Member pay, including specific legislation, recommendations from salary commissions, and annual adjustments tied to the Employment Cost Index (ECI). It outlines the impact of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, which introduced the ECI-based formula for annual adjustments, and discusses how Congress has often prohibited or limited these adjustments through legislative action. The report provides historical tables and figures illustrating salary trends, showing that when adjusted for inflation, Member salaries have decreased by 15% since 2009.\n\nAdditionally, the report reviews legislative efforts to modify the pay adjustment process, including proposals to link pay to congressional actions, freeze salaries during government shutdowns, or reduce compensation. It also references related CRS products that provide further details on congressional benefits, retirement, and health insurance. The summary underscores the complex interplay between constitutional provisions, legislative actions, and economic factors in determining the compensation of Members of Congress.", "answers": ["Congress is required by Article I, Section 6, of the Constitution to determine its own pay. In the past, Congress periodically enacted specific legislation to alter its pay; the last time this occurred affected pay in 1991. More recently, pay has been determined pursuant to laws establishing formulas for automatic adjustments. The Ethics Reform Act of 1989 established the current automatic annual adjustment formula, which is based on changes in private sector wages as measured by the Employment Cost Index (ECI). The adjustment is automatic unless denied statutorily, although the percentage may not exceed the percentage base pay increase for General Schedule (GS) employees. Member pay has since been frozen in two ways: (1) directly, through legislation that freezes salaries for Members but not for other federal employees, and (2) indirectly, through broader pay freeze legislation that covers Members and other specified categories of federal employees. Members of Congress last received a pay adjustment in January 2009. At that time, their salary was increased 2.8%, to $174,000. A provision in P.L. 111-8 prohibited any pay adjustment for 2010. Under the pay adjustment formula, Members were originally scheduled to receive an adjustment in January 2010 of 2.1%, although this would have been revised downward automatically to 1.5% to match the GS base pay adjustment. Members next were scheduled to receive a 0.9% pay adjustment in 2011. The pay adjustment was prohibited by P.L. 111-165. Additionally, P.L. 111-322 prevented any adjustment in GS base pay before December 31, 2012. Since the percentage adjustment in Member pay may not exceed the percentage adjustment in the base pay of GS employees, Member pay was also frozen during this period. If not limited by GS pay, Member pay could have been adjusted by 1.3% in 2012. The ECI formula established a maximum potential pay adjustment in January 2013 of 1.1%. P.L. 112-175 extended the freeze on GS pay rates for the duration of this continuing resolution, which also extended the Member freeze since the percentage adjustment in Member pay may not exceed the percentage adjustment in GS base pay. Subsequently, Member pay for 2013 was further frozen in P.L. 112-240. The maximum potential 2014 pay adjustment of 1.2%, or $2,100, was denied by P.L. 113-46. The maximum potential January 2015 Member pay adjustment was 1.6%, or $2,800. President Obama proposed a 1.0% increase in the base pay of GS employees, which would automatically have limited any Member pay adjustment to 1.0%. P.L. 113-235 contained a provision prohibiting any Member pay adjustment. The maximum potential January 2016 pay adjustment of 1.7%, or $3,000, would have been limited to 1.0%, or $1,700, due to the GS base pay increase. Member pay for 2016 was frozen by P.L. 114-113. The maximum potential January 2017 pay adjustment of 1.6%, or $2,800, would have been limited to 1.0%, or $1,700, due to the GS base pay increase. Member pay for 2017 was frozen by P.L. 114-254. The maximum potential January 2018 pay adjustment of 1.8%, or $3,100, was automatically limited to 1.4%, or $2,400, before being frozen by P.L. 115-141. The maximum potential January 2019 pay adjustment of 2.3%, or $4,000, was automatically limited to 1.4%, or $2,400, before being frozen at the 2009 level by P.L. 115-244. The maximum potential January 2020 pay adjustment is 2.6%, or $4,500. If Members of Congress had received every adjustment prescribed by the ECI formula since 1992, and the 2 U.S.C. §4501 limitation regarding the percentage base pay increase for GS employees remained unchanged, the 2019 salary would be $210,900. When adjusted for inflation, Member salaries have decreased 15% since the last pay adjustment in 2009. Both the automatic annual adjustments and funding for Members' salaries are provided pursuant to other laws (2 U.S.C. §4501)—not the annual appropriations bills—and a provision prohibiting a scheduled adjustment could be included in any bill, or introduced as a separate bill."], "length": 30211, "E2E_time": 7.3143413797952235, "context_token": 8554}
{"pred": " The report examines the Department of Defense's (DOD) policies and efforts to address unwanted sexual behaviors, including sexual assault, sexual harassment, and domestic violence. It highlights the definitions and responsibilities within DOD, the integration of CDC's framework for sexual violence prevention, and the challenges in data collection and policy implementation. The report also discusses DOD's collaborative efforts and the need for a comprehensive prevention strategy. Four recommendations are made to improve DOD's policies and data management.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Department of Defense's (DOD) strategies and policies to address unwanted sexual behaviors, such as sexual assault, sexual harassment, and domestic violence. It outlines DOD's definitions, responsibilities, and the integration of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) framework for sexual violence prevention. The report identifies challenges in data collection consistency and policy implementation, particularly regarding anonymous reporting and the inclusion of CDC principles. It also highlights DOD's collaborative efforts to address these issues and the need for a comprehensive, long-term prevention strategy. Four recommendations are proposed to enhance DOD's policies, data management, and strategic planning to effectively reduce unwanted sexual behaviors.", "answers": ["Unwanted sexual behaviors in the military—including sexual harassment, sexual assault, and domestic violence involving sexual assault—undermine core values, unit cohesion, combat readiness, and public goodwill. Recent studies suggest that these behaviors are part of a “continuum of harm,” which DOD defines as a range of interconnected, inappropriate behaviors that are connected to the occurrence of sexual assault and that support an environment that tolerates these behaviors. Senate Report 114-255 included a provision for GAO to review efforts by DOD to prevent unwanted sexual behaviors in the military. GAO assessed the extent to which DOD has (1) policies on sexual harassment that include CDC principles and relevant legislative elements; (2) processes for maintaining and reporting consistent data on incidents of unwanted sexual behaviors; and (3) overarching efforts, including a prevention strategy, to address unwanted sexual behaviors across the continuum of harm. GAO reviewed DOD policies and pertinent databases, and interviewed agency officials. The Department of Defense's (DOD) policies on sexual harassment include some but not all of the Centers for Disease Control's (CDC) principles for preventing sexual violence and include most relevant legislative elements. GAO identified six principles from CDC's framework for preventing sexual violence, which CDC defines as including sexual harassment. GAO found that Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and military service policies generally include CDC's principles regarding prevention strategies, but none address risk and protective factors, which identify conditions or behaviors that might heighten or lower the risk of sexual harassment victimization or perpetration, respectively. Additionally, a statutory provision in fiscal year 2013 mandated that DOD, among other things, develop a comprehensive sexual harassment policy that includes prevention training, mechanisms for anonymous reporting, and mechanisms for resolving incidents of sexual harassment. OSD and service policies are generally consistent with those required elements except for the inclusion of anonymous reporting. DOD is developing a new department-wide policy that will address sexual harassment, but it is too early to determine how the policy will address these issues. Without policies that include CDC's principles and mechanisms for anonymous reporting, DOD may miss opportunities to address and potentially reduce incidents of unwanted sexual behaviors. Finally, a statutory change in fiscal year 2017 redefined sexual harassment for certain purposes so it is no longer defined solely as a form of sex discrimination but is recognized also as an adverse behavior on the spectrum of behavior that can contribute to an increase in the incidence of sexual assault. While officials indicated a need to update policies, they were unclear on the full implications, if any, of this change. DOD has processes for maintaining and reporting consistent data on incidents of unwanted sexual behaviors including sexual assault and incidents of domestic violence that involve sexual assault, but does not have similar processes for maintaining and reporting data on incidents of sexual harassment. Specifically, DOD uses centralized databases to maintain and report data on incidents of sexual assault and domestic violence that involve sexual assault, but relies on military service-specific databases for information on incidents of sexual harassment. DOD has not established standard data elements and definitions to guide the services in maintaining and reporting data on sexual harassment. Inconsistencies in data elements and definitions generally mean that one service may be maintaining data that is more or less detailed than, or that differs from, the data maintained by other services. Such inconsistencies may create difficulties in reporting department-wide sexual harassment data, since the individual service data must be adapted to fit reporting requirements. DOD has several overarching efforts to address unwanted sexual behaviors across the continuum of harm, including developing an overarching prevention strategy. However, it is unclear whether the strategy under development will contain key elements for long-term and results-oriented strategic planning such as long-term goals, strategies to achieve goals, and metrics to gauge progress. Without incorporating these elements into its overarching prevention strategy, DOD may not be in a position to effectively coordinate and integrate prevention activities and reduce instances of unwanted sexual behaviors. GAO recommends that DOD fully include in its new policy on sexual harassment CDC's principles for sexual violence prevention and mechanisms for anonymous reporting, develop standard data elements and definitions for reporting sexual harassment incidents, and incorporate in its overarching prevention strategy elements key for a long-term, results-oriented strategy. DOD generally concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 69402, "E2E_time": 6.609206055756658, "context_token": 12497}
{"pred": " The U.S. Secret Service (Secret Service) is responsible for protecting national leaders and safeguarding the nation's currency and financial systems. As of June 2018, the Secret Service had approximately 7,100 employees, including IT staff, who rely heavily on the agency's IT infrastructure. The Secret Service planned to spend $104.8 million in fiscal year 2018 to modernize and maintain its IT environment, with a significant portion allocated to the Information Integration and Technology Transformation (IITT) investment. The IITT investment aimed to modernize IT infrastructure, enhance cybersecurity, and improve operational efficiency. However, the Secret Service faced challenges in IT workforce management, including insufficient staffing and gaps in strategic planning. The report also highlighted issues with IT acquisition oversight and the need for better performance monitoring of IT projects. Recommendations were made to improve IT governance, workforce planning, and project management to ensure the Secret Service can effectively fulfill its mission.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Secret Service (Secret Service) is tasked with protecting national leaders and safeguarding the nation's currency and financial systems. As of June 2018, the agency employed approximately 7,100 individuals, including IT staff who depend on the Secret Service's IT infrastructure to perform their duties. The Secret Service allocated $104.8 million in fiscal year 2018 for IT modernization and maintenance, with a significant portion dedicated to the Information Integration and Technology Transformation (IITT) investment. The IITT initiative aimed to modernize IT infrastructure, enhance cybersecurity, and improve operational efficiency. However, the Secret Service encountered challenges in IT workforce management, such as insufficient staffing and gaps in strategic planning. Additionally, the report identified issues with IT acquisition oversight and the need for improved performance monitoring of IT projects. Recommendations were made to enhance IT governance, workforce planning, and project management to ensure the Secret Service can effectively carry out its mission.", "answers": ["Commonly known for protecting the President, the Secret Service also plays a leading role in investigating and preventing financial and electronic crimes. To accomplish its mission, the Secret Service relies heavily on the use of IT infrastructure and systems. In 2009, the component initiated the IITT investment—a portfolio of programs and projects that are intended to, among other things, improve systems availability and security in support of the component's business operations. GAO was asked to review the Secret Service's oversight of its IT portfolio and workforce. This report discusses the extent to which the (1) CIO implemented selected IT oversight responsibilities, (2) Secret Service implemented leading IT workforce planning and management practices, and (3) Secret Service and DHS implemented selected performance monitoring practices for IITT. GAO assessed agency documentation against 14 selected component CIO responsibilities established in DHS policy; 15 selected leading workforce planning and management practices within 5 topic areas; and two selected leading industry project monitoring practices that, among other things, were, in GAO's professional judgment, of most significance to managing IITT. The U.S. Secret Service (Secret Service) Chief Information Officer (CIO) fully implemented 11 of 14 selected information technology (IT) oversight responsibilities, and partially implemented the remaining 3. The CIO partially implemented the responsibilities to establish a process that ensures the Secret Service reviews IT contracts; ensure that the component's IT policies align with the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) policies; and set incremental targets to monitor program progress. Additional efforts to fully implement these 3 responsibilities will further position the CIO to effectively manage the IT portfolio. Of the 15 selected practices within the 5 workforce planning and management areas, the Secret Service fully implemented 3 practices, partly implemented 8, and did not implement 4 (see table). Within the strategic planning area, the component partly implemented the practice to, among other things, develop IT competency needs. While the Secret Service had defined general core competencies for its workforce, the Office of the CIO (OCIO) did not identify all of the technical competencies needed to support its functions. As a result, the office was limited in its ability to address any IT competency gaps that may exist. Also, while work remains to improve morale across the component, the Secret Service substantially implemented the employee morale practices for its IT staff. Secret Service officials said the gaps in implementing the workforce practices were due to, among other things, their focus on reorganizing the IT workforce within OCIO. Until the Secret Service fully implements these practices for its IT workforce, it may be limited in its ability to ensure the timely and effective acquisition and maintenance of the component's IT infrastructure and services. Of the two selected IT project monitoring practices, DHS and the Secret Service fully implemented the first practice to monitor the performance of the Information Integration and Technology Transformation (IITT) investment. In addition, for the second practice—to monitor projects on incremental development metrics—the Secret Service fully implemented the practice on one of IITT's projects and partially implemented it on another. In particular, OCIO did not fully measure post-deployment user satisfaction with the system on one project. OCIO plans to conduct a user satisfaction survey of the system by September 2018, which should inform the office on whether the system is meeting users' needs. GAO is making 13 recommendations, including that the Secret Service establish a process that ensures the CIO reviews all IT contracts, as appropriate; and identify the skills needed for its IT workforce. DHS concurred with all recommendations and provided estimated dates for implementing each of them."], "length": 102031, "E2E_time": 10.976618058048189, "context_token": 18458}
{"pred": " The report examines the issue of school discipline disparities, focusing on implicit bias, subjective behavior interpretations, and the impact of poverty and trauma on student behavior. It highlights that Black students, boys, and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplined. The report also discusses federal efforts to address these disparities through guidance, grants, and enforcement actions, and provides examples of alternative discipline models being implemented in schools.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the issue of school discipline disparities, emphasizing the role of implicit bias and subjective behavior interpretations in leading to unequal treatment of students based on race, sex, and disability status. It finds that Black students, boys, and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplined across various disciplinary actions, including suspensions, expulsions, and arrests. The report also highlights how poverty and trauma exacerbate these disparities, as students from low-income backgrounds and those experiencing adverse childhood experiences face higher rates of discipline and academic challenges.\n\nFederal agencies, such as the Department of Education (ED) and the Department of Justice (DOJ), have taken steps to address these issues through guidance, grants, and enforcement actions. ED and DOJ have issued guidelines to prevent racial and disability-based discrimination in school discipline and promote alternative approaches like restorative justice and positive behavioral interventions. Additionally, they have awarded grants to support schools in implementing these strategies and reducing exclusionary discipline practices.\n\nThe report also provides examples of schools and districts that have successfully implemented alternative discipline models, such as restorative justice and social-emotional learning, to address behavior issues and reduce disparities. However, challenges remain, including limited resources, resistance to change, and the need for ongoing training and support to effectively implement these approaches.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the need for continued federal, state, and local efforts to address school discipline disparities, promote equity, and create supportive learning environments for all students.", "answers": ["Research has shown that students who experience discipline that removes them from the classroom are more likely to repeat a grade, drop out of school, and become involved in the juvenile justice system. Studies have shown this can result in decreased earning potential and added costs to society, such as incarceration and lost tax revenue. Education and Justice are responsible for enforcing federal civil rights laws that prohibit discrimination in the administration of discipline in public schools. GAO was asked to review the use of discipline in schools. To provide insight into these issues, this report examines (1) patterns in disciplinary actions among public schools, (2) challenges selected school districts reported with student behavior and how they are approaching school discipline, and (3) actions Education and Justice have taken to identify and address disparities or discrimination in school discipline. GAO analyzed discipline data from nearly all public schools for school year 2013-14 from Education's Civil Rights Data Collection; interviewed federal and state officials, as well as officials from a total of 5 districts and 19 schools in California, Georgia, Massachusetts, North Dakota, and Texas. We selected these districts based on disparities in suspensions for Black students, boys, or students with disabilities, and diversity in size and location. We also reviewed federal laws and a non-generalizable sample of seven recently resolved federal school discipline investigations (selected in part based on the type of alleged discrimination). We incorporated technical comments from the agencies as appropriate. Black students, boys, and students with disabilities were disproportionately disciplined (e.g., suspensions and expulsions) in K-12 public schools, according to GAO's analysis of Department of Education (Education) national civil rights data for school year 2013-14, the most recent available. These disparities were widespread and persisted regardless of the type of disciplinary action, level of school poverty, or type of public school attended. For example, Black students accounted for 15.5 percent of all public school students, but represented about 39 percent of students suspended from school—an overrepresentation of about 23 percentage points (see figure). Officials GAO interviewed in all five school districts in the five states GAO visited reported various challenges with addressing student behavior, and said they were considering new approaches to school discipline. They described a range of issues, some complex—such as the effects of poverty and mental health issues. For example, officials in four school districts described a growing trend of behavioral challenges related to mental health and trauma. While there is no one-size-fits-all solution for the issues that influence student behavior, officials from all five school districts GAO visited were implementing alternatives to disciplinary actions that remove children from the classroom, such as initiatives that promote positive behavioral expectations for students. Education and the Department of Justice (Justice) documented several actions taken to identify and address school discipline issues. For example, both agencies investigated cases alleging discrimination. Further, to help identify persistent disparities among the nation's schools, Education collects comprehensive data on school discipline every other year through its Civil Rights Data Collection effort."], "length": 81225, "E2E_time": 9.292874018196017, "context_token": 14951}
{"pred": " The federal government owns approximately 640 million acres of land, primarily concentrated in 12 western states. Four agencies—the National Park Service (NPS), Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), Bureau of Land Management (BLM), and U.S. Forest Service (FS)—manage about 95% of these lands. Each agency has distinct authorities for acquiring and disposing of land, with the BLM having the broadest authority and the NPS the narrowest. The report discusses the specific laws and policies governing these actions, including funding mechanisms like the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) and the Migratory Bird Conservation Fund (MBCF). Congress frequently reviews and modifies these authorities, considering issues such as the extent of federal land ownership, funding sources, and the suitability of land management practices.\n</think>\n\nThe federal government owns approximately 640 million acres of land, primarily concentrated in 12 western states. Four agencies—the National Park Service (NPS), Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), Bureau of Land Management (BLM), and U.S. Forest Service (FS)—manage about 95% of these lands. Each agency has distinct authorities for acquiring and disposing of land, with the BLM having the broadest authority and the NPS the narrowest. The report discusses the specific laws and policies governing these actions, including funding mechanisms like the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) and the Migratory Bird Conservation Fund (MBCF). Congress frequently reviews and modifies these authorities, considering issues such as the extent of federal land ownership, funding sources, and the suitability of land management practices.", "answers": ["The federal government owns roughly 640 million acres, heavily concentrated in 12 western states. Four agencies—the National Park Service (NPS), Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in the Department of the Interior, and the U.S. Forest Service (FS) in the Department of Agriculture—administer about 95% of those lands. The extent to which each of these four federal agencies have authority to acquire and dispose of land varies considerably. The BLM has relatively broad authority for both acquisitions and disposals under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (FLPMA). The agency also has other authorities for disposing of land, including two laws that allow the agency to retain the proceeds for subsequent land acquisition, among other purposes, and a law that allows transfers to governmental units and other entities for public purposes. By contrast, the NPS has no general authority to acquire land to create new park units or to dispose of park lands. The FS authority to acquire lands is mostly limited to lands within or contiguous to the boundaries of a national forest. The agency has various authorities to dispose of land, but they are relatively constrained and infrequently used. The FWS has various authorities to acquire lands but no general authority to dispose of its lands. The agency frequently uses acquisition authority under the Migratory Bird Conservation Act of 1929 because of the availability of funding through the Migratory Bird Conservation Fund. The nature of the acquisition and disposal authorities of the four federal agencies also varies. In general, the acquisition authorities are designed to allow the four agencies to bring into federal ownership lands that many contend could benefit from federal management. Disposal authorities generally are designed to allow agencies to convey land that is no longer needed for a federal purpose or that might be chiefly valuable for another purpose. Some of the authorities specify particular circumstances where they can be used, such as the conveyance of FS land for educational purposes and the disposal of BLM land for recreation and public purposes. Congress often faces questions on the adequacy of existing acquisition and disposal authorities; the nature, extent, and location of their use; and the extent of federal land ownership overall. The current acquisition and disposal authorities form the backdrop for consideration of measures to establish, modify, or eliminate authorities, or to provide for the acquisition or disposal of particular lands. In some cases, Congress enacts bills to provide authority to acquire or dispose of particular parcels where no standing authority exists and, in other cases, to direct or facilitate land transactions. Congress also addresses acquisition and disposal policy in the context of debates on the role and goals of the federal government in owning and managing land generally, and it has considered broader measures to dispose of lands or to promote acquisition. Other issues for Congress pertain to the sources and levels of funds for land acquisition. The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) is the primary source of funding for land acquisition. Congress has considered diverse measures related to the LWCF, such as legislation to make LWCF funding permanent and bills to direct LWCF monies to additional, nonacquisition purposes. Additionally, the FWS has the Migratory Bird Conservation Fund, an account with mandatory spending authority supported by revenue from three sources. The BLM also has mandatory spending authorities that allow the proceeds from land sales to be used for land acquisition, among other purposes."], "length": 31074, "E2E_time": 6.272840240970254, "context_token": 6488}
{"pred": " The report provides an in-depth analysis of the legislative procedures and rules governing the House of Representatives. It highlights the complexity of the rules, which span over 1,000 pages and numerous volumes of precedents, yet emphasizes that understanding these procedures is manageable due to their predictability and the underlying principle that a majority can ultimately prevail. The report details various methods of considering legislation, including suspension of the rules, debate limitations, and the role of the Committee of the Whole. It also explores the process of resolving differences between the House and Senate, such as through conference committees, and the mechanisms for voting and recording quorums. Additionally, the report outlines the structure of the legislative schedule, the role of leadership, and the resources available for understanding House procedures.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive overview of the legislative processes and rules within the U.S. House of Representatives. Despite the extensive and complex nature of the rules, encompassing over 1,000 pages and numerous precedents, the report underscores that understanding these procedures is achievable due to their predictable nature and the principle that a majority can ultimately prevail. Key aspects include the suspension of rules for quick action, debate limitations, and the significant role of the Committee of the Whole in amending bills. The report also delves into methods for resolving differences with the Senate, such as conference committees, and details voting mechanisms, including electronic voting and quorum requirements. Additionally, it highlights the legislative schedule structure, the influence of party leadership, and available resources for understanding House procedures.", "answers": ["The daily order of business on the floor of the House of Representatives is governed by standing rules that make certain matters and actions privileged for consideration. On a day-to-day basis, however, the House can also decide to grant individual bills privileged access to the floor, using one of several parliamentary mechanisms. The standing rules of the House include several different parliamentary mechanisms that the body may use to act on bills and resolutions. Which of these will be employed in a given instance usually depends on the extent to which Members want to debate and amend the legislation. In general, all of the procedures of the House permit a majority of Members to work their will without excessive delay. The House considers most legislation by motions to suspend the rules, with limited debate and no floor amendments, with the support of at least two-thirds of the Members voting. Occasionally, the House will choose to consider a measure on the floor by the unanimous consent of Members. The Rules Committee is instrumental in recommending procedures for considering major bills and may propose restrictions on the floor amendments that Members can offer or bar them altogether. Many major bills are first considered in Committee of the Whole before being passed by a simple majority vote of the House. The Committee of the Whole is governed by more flexible procedures than the basic rules of the House, under which a majority can vote to pass a bill after only one hour of debate and with no floor amendments. Although a quorum is supposed to be present on the floor when the House is conducting business, the House assumes a quorum is present unless a quorum call or electronically recorded vote demonstrates that it is not. However, the standing rules preclude quorum calls at most times other than when the House is voting. Questions are first decided by voice vote, although any Member may then demand a division vote. Before the final result of a voice or division vote is announced, Members can secure an electronically recorded vote instead if enough Members desire it or if a quorum is not present in the House. The constitutional requirements for making law mean that each chamber must pass the same measure with the identical text before transmitting it to the President for his consideration. When the second chamber of Congress amends a measure sent to it by the first chamber, the two chambers must resolve legislative differences to meet this requirement. This can be accomplished by shuttling the bill back and forth between the House and Senate, with each chamber proposing amendments to the position of the other, or by establishing a conference committee to try to negotiate a compromise version of the legislation."], "length": 40373, "E2E_time": 6.2446901621297, "context_token": 7782}
{"pred": " The report addresses frequently asked questions about the overtime provisions in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) for executive, administrative, and professional employees (EAP or white collar exemptions). It provides an overview of the FLSA, the EAP exemptions, their applicability, and recent rulemaking efforts, including the 2016 final rule and the 2019 proposed rule. The FLSA, enacted in 1938, establishes minimum wage and overtime pay requirements. The EAP exemptions allow certain employees to be excluded from overtime pay if they meet specific criteria: salary basis, duties, and salary level tests. The report discusses the history of DOL rulemaking, the current criteria for exemption, and the impact of proposed changes on employees and employers. It also covers the application of the FLSA to various sectors, including nonprofits, higher education, state and local governments, and U.S. territories. The 2016 final rule, which was invalidated, aimed to increase the salary threshold for exemptions, while the 2019 proposed rule seeks to update the thresholds and establish a quadrennial update process. The report estimates the potential impact of the 2019 proposed rule on workers and employers, highlighting the number of employees who may become eligible for overtime pay or receive stronger protections.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the overtime provisions under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) for executive, administrative, and professional (EAP) employees, commonly referred to as white collar exemptions. It begins by outlining the FLSA, which was enacted in 1938 to establish minimum wage and overtime pay requirements for most employees. The EAP exemptions, first introduced in Section 13(a)(1) of the FLSA, allow certain employees to be excluded from overtime pay if they meet specific criteria: the salary basis test, duties test, and salary level test.\n\nThe report details the history of Department of Labor (DOL) rulemaking on EAP exemptions, noting that the Secretary of Labor has the authority to define and update these exemptions. Currently, to qualify for an exemption, an employee must be paid a predetermined salary, perform executive, administrative, or professional duties, and earn above a specified salary threshold. The report also explains the \"highly compensated employee\" (HCE) exemption, which applies to employees earning above a certain annual salary.\n\nThe document addresses the application of the FLSA to various sectors, including nonprofits, higher education, state and local governments, and U.S. territories. It clarifies that nonprofits and educational institutions are subject to the same FLSA provisions as other entities, with some exceptions for specific roles. State and local governments may use compensatory time instead of cash payments for overtime, while certain public sector employees are exempt from FLSA coverage. Territories like American Samoa have historically had lower salary thresholds, while others follow the standard level.\n\nThe report then examines recent rulemaking efforts, focusing on the 2016 final rule, which was invalidated by a court in 2017, and the 2019 proposed rule. The 2016 rule aimed to significantly increase the salary threshold for exemptions but was never implemented. The 2019 proposed rule seeks to raise the salary level from $455 per week to $679 per week, increase the HCE threshold to $147,414 annually, and establish a quadrennial update process based on data from the Current Population Survey (CPS). It also proposes special salary levels for territories and the motion picture industry.\n\nThe report estimates the potential impact of the 2019 proposed rule, suggesting that approximately 4.9 million workers could be affected. This includes 1.3 million employees who would become newly entitled to overtime pay and 3.6 million workers who would receive stronger protections. The report highlights the challenges in projecting the exact number of affected employees due to potential employer responses, such as adjusting salaries to maintain exemptions.\n\nIn summary, the report provides a comprehensive overview of the FLSA's overtime provisions for EAP employees, the criteria for exemptions, the history of DOL rulemaking, and the implications of recent and proposed changes. It underscores the importance of these updates in ensuring fair compensation practices and protecting workers' rights.", "answers": ["The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), enacted in 1938, is the main federal law that establishes general wage and hour standards for most, but not all, private and public sector employees. Among other protections, the FLSA establishes that covered nonexempt employees must be compensated at one-and-a-half times their regular rate of pay for each hour worked over 40 hours in a workweek. The FLSA also establishes certain exemptions from its general labor market standards. One of the major exemptions to the overtime provisions in the FLSA is for bona fide \"executive, administrative, and professional\" employees (the \"EAP\" or \"white collar\" exemptions). The FLSA grants authority to the Secretary of Labor to define and delimit the EAP exemption \"from time to time.\" To qualify for this exemption from the FLSA's overtime pay requirement, an employee must be salaried (the \"salary basis\" test); perform specified executive, administrative, or professional duties (the \"duties\" test); and earn above an established salary level threshold (the \"salary level\" test). In March 2019, the Secretary of Labor published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to make changes to the EAP exemptions. The 2019 proposed rule would become effective around January 2020. The major changes in the 2019 proposed rule include increasing the standard salary level threshold from the previous level of $455 per week to $679 per week and committing the Department of Labor (DOL) to updating the EAP exemptions every four years through the rulemaking process. The 2019 proposed rule does not change the duties and responsibilities that employees must perform to be exempt. Thus, the 2019 proposed rule would affect EAP employees at salary levels between $455 and $679 per week in 2020. DOL estimates that about 4.9 million workers would be affected in the first year, including about 1.3 million EAP employees who would become newly entitled to overtime pay and an additional 3.6 million workers who would have overtime protection clarified and thereby strengthened. This report answers frequently asked questions about the overtime provisions of the FLSA, the EAP exemptions, and the 2019 proposed rule that would define and delimit the EAP exemptions."], "length": 22340, "E2E_time": 13.32668817974627, "context_token": 4815}
{"pred": " The report details the Trump Administration's FY2019 budget request for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS), which faced significant reductions compared to FY2018 levels. The request proposed $41.86 billion, a 23.3% decrease, with specific cuts to State operations and foreign operations. However, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2019, ultimately allocated $54.377 billion, a 0.3% decrease from FY2018 but 30% higher than the Administration's request. Key areas of focus included embassy security, international organizations funding, and humanitarian assistance. Despite the Administration's proposed account mergers and eliminations, Congress maintained existing structures and increased funding for several programs. The final appropriation also addressed personnel concerns, ensuring staffing levels and diversity initiatives were maintained.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the Trump Administration's FY2019 budget request for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS), which sought $41.86 billion, a 23.3% reduction from FY2018 levels. The request proposed significant cuts to State operations and foreign operations, with reductions of 18.7% and 25.2%, respectively. However, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2019, ultimately allocated $54.377 billion, a 0.3% decrease from FY2018 but 30% higher than the Administration's request. Key areas of focus included embassy security, international organizations funding, and humanitarian assistance. Despite the Administration's proposed account mergers and eliminations, Congress maintained existing structures and increased funding for several programs. The final appropriation also addressed personnel concerns, ensuring staffing levels and diversity initiatives were maintained.", "answers": ["The Trump Administration submitted to Congress its FY2019 budget request on February 12, 2018. The proposal included $41.86 billion for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS). Of that amount, $13.26 billion was for State Department operations, international broadcasting, and related agencies, and $28.60 billion for foreign operations. With the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA; P.L. 115-123, February 9, 2018), which raised discretionary spending limits set by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA; P.L. 112-25), the Administration's FY2019 foreign affairs funding request was entirely within enduring (base) funds; no Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding was included the SFOPS request for the first time since FY2012. The FY2019 request would have represented a 23.3% decrease in SFOPS funding compared with FY2018 actual funding levels. The proposed State and related agency funding would have been 18.7% below FY2018 funding and the foreign operations funding would have been reduced by 25.2%. In the State and related programs budget, cuts were proposed for several accounts, including the diplomatic security accounts, contributions to international organizations, and contributions for international peacekeeping activities. In the foreign operations budget, cuts would have been applied across all accounts, with disproportionately large cuts proposed for humanitarian assistance, multilateral assistance, and funding for bilateral development programs focused on agriculture, education, and democracy promotion. Both the House and Senate appropriations committees approved FY2019 SFOPS bills that included funding at higher levels than the Administration requested and closer to FY2018 funding. H.R. 6385, approved by the House appropriations committee on June 20, 2018, would have funded SFOPS accounts at $54.177 billion. S. 3108, approved by the Senate appropriations committee on June 21, 2018, would have provided $54.602 billion for SFOPS accounts. FY2019 began with seven appropriations bills, including SFOPS, unfinished. Congress and the President approved continuing resolutions to fund the affected federal agencies through December 21, 2018 at the FY2018 level (P.L. 115-245, Division C and P.L. 115-298). After December 21, a partial shutdown of the government, including SFOPS funded agencies, occurred. On January 25, 2019, an agreement was reached to continue funding for SFOPS and other appropriations that had lapsed through February 15, at the FY2018 level (P.L. 116-5). On February 14, Congress passed, and the President later signed into law, a full year omnibus appropriation that included SFOPS funding (P.L. 116-6, Division F). P.L. 116-6 included a total of $54.377 billion for SFOPS accounts in FY2019, a 0.3% decrease from the FY2018 funding level and about 30% more than the Administration's request. Of that enacted total, $8.0 billion, or 14.7%, was designated as OCO. This report provides an account-by-account comparison of the FY2019 SFOPS request, House and Senate SFOPS legislation and the final FY2019 SFOPS appropriation to FY2018 funding in Appendix A. The International Affairs (function 150) budget in Appendix B provides a similar comparison. This report will not be further updated unless there is further congressional activity on FY2019 appropriations."], "length": 52875, "E2E_time": 8.373832164797932, "context_token": 11685}
{"pred": " The report examines the challenges faced by the U.S. Department of State in staffing its Foreign Service positions at overseas posts. It highlights persistent vacancies in both generalist and specialist roles, which have been exacerbated by funding cuts and hiring freezes. The report finds that these vacancies negatively impact diplomatic readiness, increase workloads, and affect employee morale. It also notes that certain regions and positions, particularly those requiring specialized skills, are more affected. The report recommends the development of an integrated action plan to address these staffing challenges.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Department of State faces significant challenges in staffing its Foreign Service positions at overseas posts, as highlighted in a recent report. Persistent vacancies exist in both generalist and specialist roles, with specialists experiencing higher vacancy rates. These challenges have been worsened by funding cuts, hiring freezes, and competition for skilled professionals in high-demand fields like information technology and medicine. Vacancies in critical positions, such as security officers and information management specialists, pose risks to post operations and security. Additionally, regions with high foreign policy priorities, such as South and Central Asia and the Near East, experience higher vacancy rates, impacting diplomatic readiness. The report underscores the need for an integrated action plan to address these staffing issues, improve diplomatic effectiveness, and ensure secure operations.", "answers": ["State staffs Foreign Service employees to more than 270 embassies and consulates worldwide to advance U.S. foreign policy and economic interests. In 2009 and 2012, GAO identified ongoing Foreign Service staffing gaps. GAO was asked to review State's Foreign Service staffing. This report examines (1) vacancies in State's Foreign Service staffing at overseas posts, (2) reported effects of Foreign Service vacancies on diplomatic readiness, and (3) State's efforts to address Foreign Service vacancies. To address these objectives, GAO analyzed State's Global Employment Management System data as of March 2018. The system includes information on Foreign Service and Civil Service positions, including the total number of authorized Foreign Service positions and whether each position is filled or vacant. GAO also reviewed its relevant prior reports and State workforce planning documents. In addition, GAO interviewed State staff at 10 overseas posts, selected on the basis of large numbers of Foreign Service vacancies and diversity in the types of Foreign Service positions that were vacant at these posts, among other factors. The Department of State's (State) data show persistent Foreign Service vacancies at overseas posts since 2008. According to the data, 13 percent of overseas Foreign Service positions were vacant as of March 2018. This percentage is similar to the percentages GAO reported for 2008 and 2012, when 14 percent of these positions were vacant. In addition, State's data show persistent vacancies at overseas posts in generalist positions that help formulate and implement U.S. foreign policy and in specialist positions that support and maintain the functioning of overseas posts. State's data also show persistent Foreign Service vacancies at overseas posts with State's highest foreign policy priorities and in regions with security risks that could threaten U.S. foreign policy interests. According to staff at overseas posts, Foreign Service vacancies adversely affect State's ability to carry out U.S. foreign policy. Staff at overseas posts told us that vacancies increase workloads, contributing to low morale and higher stress for Foreign Service staff and that vacancies in Political and Economic positions—20 percent and 16 percent, respectively—limit the reporting on political and economic issues that posts are able to provide to State headquarters. Notably, officials also stated that vacancies in specialist positions may heighten security risks at overseas posts and disrupt post operations. For instance, some overseas post staff said that vacancies in Information Management positions had increased the vulnerability of posts' computer networks to potential cybersecurity attacks and other malicious threats. State described various efforts—implemented by multiple offices in the department —to help address overseas Foreign Service vacancies, but these efforts are not guided by an integrated action plan to reduce persistent vacancies. An example of State's efforts is the “Hard-to-Fill” program, which allows Civil Service staff an opportunity to fill a Foreign Service vacancy on a single overseas tour. According to GAO's 2017 High-Risk Series report, an agency should design and implement an action plan—integrated across its relevant offices—that defines the root causes of all skills gaps and suggests corrective measures. However, State has not developed such an action plan for reducing persistent overseas Foreign Service vacancies. Without developing an integrated action plan, overseas Foreign Service vacancies may persist. As a result, State's ability to achieve U.S. foreign policy goals and help ensure secure and efficient operations could be adversely impacted. GAO recommends that State develop an integrated action plan that defines the root causes of persistent Foreign Service vacancies at overseas posts and suggests corrective measures to reduce such vacancies. State concurred with our recommendation and noted that it will take steps to develop an integrated action plan."], "length": 34006, "E2E_time": 5.062808052171022, "context_token": 6301}
{"pred": " The report discusses the evolution of the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) in the context of changing oil markets. It highlights the increase in domestic oil production, the decline in net imports, and the shift towards a global oil market. The SPR, established post-Arab oil embargo, is analyzed for its current role, infrastructure challenges, and future projections. The report also examines the U.S. obligations under the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the potential need for additional regional reserves. Recommendations are made for DOE to conduct further analyses, periodic reviews, and consider options for handling excess SPR assets.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) in light of evolving oil market dynamics. Key points include the rise in domestic oil production, the decline in net imports, and the global nature of oil markets. The SPR, created after the 1973 Arab oil embargo, is assessed for its current role, infrastructure issues, and future outlook. The report also explores U.S. obligations under the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the potential need for additional regional reserves. Recommendations are made for the Department of Energy (DOE) to conduct further analyses, periodic reviews, and consider options for managing excess SPR assets.", "answers": ["More than 4 decades ago, Congress authorized the creation of the SPR to reduce the impact of disruptions in supplies of petroleum products. DOE manages the SPR. As a member of the International Energy Agency, the United States is obligated to maintain reserves equivalent to at least 90 days of the previous year's net imports (imports minus exports). The SPR's storage and related infrastructure is aging, and DOE has plans to modernize these facilities. Since 2015, Congress has mandated crude oil sales. As of March 2018, the SPR held about 665 million barrels of crude oil. GAO was asked to examine the SPR's ability to meet U.S. energy security needs. This report examines, among other things, the extent to which (1) DOE has identified the optimal size of the SPR, and (2) DOE's plans for modernizing the SPR take into account the effects of congressionally mandated crude oil sales. GAO reviewed DOE's plans and studies, and interviewed agency officials and nine experts selected based on prior work, referrals, and a literature review. The Department of Energy (DOE) has not identified the optimal size of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR). In 2016, DOE completed a long-term strategic review of the SPR after its last comprehensive examination conducted in 2005. The 2016 review examined the benefits of several SPR sizes, but it did not identify an optimal size and its review was limited in several ways. In particular, DOE did not fully consider recent and expected future changes in market conditions, such as the implications of falling net imports, or the role that increased levels of private reserves (reserves held by private companies for their own purposes) may play in responding to supply disruptions. These changes have contributed to SPR and private reserves reaching historically high levels on a net imports basis (see figure). These changes are expected to continue to evolve—according to government projections, the United States will become a net exporter in the late 2020s before again becoming a net importer between 2040 and 2050. GAO has found that agencies should reexamine their programs if conditions change. Without addressing the limitations of its 2016 review and periodically performing reexaminations in the future, DOE cannot be assured that the SPR will be sized appropriately into the future. DOE has taken steps to take into account congressionally mandated sales of SPR crude oil in its $1.4 billion modernization plans for SPR's infrastructure and facilities. The SPR is projected to hold 405 million barrels of oil by the end of fiscal year 2027. However, DOE's current plans are based on information analyzed prior to recently mandated sales. According to DOE officials, the agency began a study in March 2018 to assess the effects of these sales on the SPR's modernization. However, this study is not examining all options for handling any excess SPR assets that may be created by currently mandated sales or any additional sales that may be mandated in the future, inconsistent with an agency order on real property asset management that calls for identifying excess assets. For example, DOE does not plan to examine the potential to lease unused SPR storage capacity to the private sector because DOE is not currently authorized to enter into such leases, according to agency officials. If authorized, leasing capacity could generate revenues that could help offset the costs of modernization. By not examining a full range of options, DOE risks missing beneficial ways to modernize the SPR while saving taxpayer resources. GAO is making four recommendations, including that DOE (1) supplement the 2016 review by conducting an additional analysis, (2) ensure that the agency periodically reexamines the size of the SPR, and (3) consider a full range of options for handling potentially excess assets as it conducts its study, among other things. DOE agreed with two, partially agreed with one, and disagreed with another recommendation on refined product reserve studies. GAO maintains that the recommendations are valid."], "length": 49809, "E2E_time": 6.0724865067750216, "context_token": 9716}
{"pred": " The report discusses the transition of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) from its legacy Medical Supply Procurement and Vendor (MSPV) program to the new MSPV-Next Generation (MSPV-NG) program. The legacy program allowed flexibility but lacked standardization, affecting cost efficiency. The MSPV-NG aims to standardize medical supplies, improve cost avoidance, and enhance supply chain efficiency. However, the transition faced challenges, including lack of a documented strategy, leadership instability, and insufficient clinician involvement. Despite some improvements in Phase 2, the program has not met its utilization and cost-saving goals. The report highlights the need for better planning, clinician engagement, and resource allocation to achieve the program's objectives.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) transition from its legacy Medical Supply Procurement and Vendor (MSPV) program to the MSPV-Next Generation (MSPV-NG) program. The legacy program, while flexible, lacked standardization, impacting cost efficiency and buying power. The MSPV-NG initiative was introduced to address these issues by standardizing medical supplies, enhancing cost avoidance, and improving supply chain management. However, the transition encountered several challenges, including the absence of a documented strategy, unstable leadership, and inadequate clinician involvement during the initial phase. Despite efforts in Phase 2 to increase clinician engagement and improve implementation, the program has struggled to meet its utilization and cost-saving targets. The report underscores the necessity for comprehensive planning, stronger clinician collaboration, and adequate resource allocation to achieve the program's goals effectively.", "answers": ["VA spends hundreds of millions of dollars annually on medical supplies to meet the health care needs of about 7 million veterans. To provide a more efficient, cost-effective way for its medical centers to order supplies, the VA established the MSPV-NG program. The program's goals include involving clinicians in requirements development, leveraging buying power when making competitive awards, and consolidating supplies used across medical centers. VA began developing requirements in early 2015 and launched the program in December 2016. This testimony summarizes key information contained in GAO's November 2017 report, GAO-18-34 . Specifically, it addresses the extent to which VA's implementation of MSPV-NG has been effective in meeting program goals. GAO analyzed VA's requirements development and contracting processes, and identified key supply chain practices cited by four leading hospital networks. GAO also met with contracting and clinical officials at six medical centers, selected based on high dollar contract obligations in fiscal years 2014-2016 and geographic representation. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) established the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor-Next Generation (MSPV-NG) program to provide an efficient, cost-effective way for its facilities to order supplies, but its initial implementation did not have an overarching strategy, stable leadership, and workforce capacity that could have facilitated medical center buy-in for the change. VA also developed requirements for a broad range of MSPV-NG items with limited clinical input. Further, starting in June 2015, VA planned to award competitive contracts, but instead, 79 percent of the items available for purchase under MSPV-NG were added through non-competitive agreements. (See figure). As a result, the program did not meet the needs of medical centers, and usage remained below VA's 40 percent target. (See figure.) VA has taken steps to address some deficiencies and is developing a new approach to the program. However, VA will likely continue to face challenges in meeting its goals until it fully addresses these existing shortcomings. GAO made 10 recommendations in its November 2017 report, including that VA develop an overarching strategy, expand clinician input in requirements development, and establish a plan for awarding future competitive contracts. VA agreed with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 18577, "E2E_time": 5.3371045920066535, "context_token": 3676}
{"pred": " The report details the history and current practices of the U.S. Navy in naming its ships. It explains that traditionally, the Secretary of the Navy has had the authority to name ships, guided by historical precedents and evolving traditions. The report outlines various ship classes and their naming conventions, noting that while some classes follow specific rules, others allow for exceptions, particularly when naming ships after individuals. It also discusses the role of Congress and public input in the naming process, as well as the challenges of maintaining consistency with historical naming practices. The report emphasizes that ship naming is a dynamic process influenced by tradition, policy, and the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the history and current practices of the U.S. Navy in naming its ships, emphasizing the role of the Secretary of the Navy, who traditionally holds the authority to name ships, guided by historical precedents and evolving traditions. It details the naming conventions for various ship classes, noting that while some follow specific rules, others allow exceptions, especially when naming ships after individuals. The report highlights the influence of Congress and public input, as well as the challenges of maintaining consistency with historical practices. It underscores that ship naming is a dynamic process shaped by tradition, policy, and the Secretary's discretion.", "answers": ["Names for Navy ships traditionally have been chosen and announced by the Secretary of the Navy, under the direction of the President and in accordance with rules prescribed by Congress. Rules for giving certain types of names to certain types of Navy ships have evolved over time. There have been exceptions to the Navy's ship-naming rules, particularly for the purpose of naming a ship for a person when the rule for that type of ship would have called for it to be named for something else. Some observers have perceived a breakdown in, or corruption of, the rules for naming Navy ships. On July 13, 2012, the Navy submitted to Congress a 73-page report on the Navy's policies and practices for naming ships. For ship types now being procured for the Navy, or recently procured for the Navy, naming rules can be summarized as follows: The first Ohio replacement ballistic missile submarine (SSBN-826) has been named Columbia in honor of the District of Columbia, but the Navy has not stated what the naming rule for these ships will be. Virginia (SSN-774) class attack submarines are being named for states. Aircraft carriers are generally named for past U.S. Presidents. Of the past 14, 10 were named for past U.S. Presidents, and 2 for Members of Congress. Destroyers are being named for deceased members of the Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard, including Secretaries of the Navy. The Navy has not yet announced a naming rule for its planned new class of FFG(X) frigates, the first of which the Navy wants to procure in FY2021. Previous classes of U.S. Navy frigates, like Navy destroyers, were generally named for naval leaders and heroes. Littoral Combat Ships (LCSs) are being named for regionally important U.S. cities and communities. Amphibious assault ships are being named for important battles in which U.S. Marines played a prominent part, and for famous earlier U.S. Navy ships that were not named for battles. San Antonio (LPD-17) class amphibious ships are being named for major U.S. cities and communities, and cities and communities attacked on September 11, 2001. John Lewis (TAO-205) class oilers are being named for people who fought for civil rights and human rights. Expeditionary Fast Transports (EPFs) are being named for small U.S. cities. Expeditionary Transport Docks (ESDs) and Expeditionary Sea Bases (ESBs) are being named for famous names or places of historical significance to U.S. Marines. Navajo (TATS-6) class towing, salvage, and rescue ships are being named for prominent Native Americans or Native American tribes. Since 1974, at least 21 U.S. military ships have been named for persons who were living at the time the name was announced. The most recent instance occurred on May 6, 2019, when the Navy announced that it was naming the destroyer DDG-51 for former Senator Sam Nunn. Members of the public are sometimes interested in having Navy ships named for their own states or cities, for older U.S. Navy ships (particularly those on which they or their relatives served), for battles in which they or their relatives participated, or for people they admire. Congress has long maintained an interest in how Navy ships are named, and has influenced the naming of certain Navy ships. The Navy suggests that congressional offices wishing to express support for proposals to name a Navy ship for a specific person, place, or thing contact the office of the Secretary of the Navy to make their support known. Congress may also pass legislation relating to ship names. Measures passed by Congress in recent years regarding Navy ship names have all been sense-of-the-Congress provisions."], "length": 58620, "E2E_time": 7.390626576729119, "context_token": 14015}
{"pred": " The U.S. Fourth National Climate Assessment highlights the significant impacts of global climate change already being felt in the U.S. and the need for action to mitigate these effects. The report discusses the potential of a carbon tax as a policy tool to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, focusing on design considerations, revenue distribution, and economic impacts. Key points include the debate over the necessity of federal action, the role of a carbon tax in addressing climate change, and the challenges of implementing such a policy. The report also examines the potential for a carbon tax to disproportionately affect certain industries and households, suggesting the need for mechanisms like border adjustments or revenue recycling to mitigate these impacts. Ultimately, the report provides a comprehensive analysis of the policy considerations and potential outcomes of implementing a carbon tax in the U.S.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Fourth National Climate Assessment underscores the urgent need for action to address the impacts of climate change, which are already evident in the United States. The report explores the potential of a carbon tax as a tool to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, examining its design, revenue distribution, and economic implications. Key considerations include the debate over federal climate action, the effectiveness of a carbon tax in mitigating emissions, and the challenges of implementation. The report highlights concerns about the disproportionate impact of a carbon tax on certain industries and low-income households, suggesting solutions such as border adjustments or revenue recycling to alleviate these effects. Ultimately, the report offers a detailed analysis of the policy options and potential outcomes of adopting a carbon tax in the U.S.", "answers": ["The U.S. Fourth National Climate Assessment, released in 2018, concluded that \"the impacts of global climate change are already being felt in the United States and are projected to intensify in the future—but the severity of future impacts will depend largely on actions taken to reduce greenhouse gas [GHG] emissions and to adapt to the changes that will occur.\" Members of Congress and stakeholders articulate a wide range of perspectives over what to do, if anything, about GHG emissions, future climate change, and related impacts. If Congress were to consider establishing a program to reduce GHG emissions, one option would be to attach a price to GHG emissions with a carbon tax or GHG emissions fee. In the 115th Congress, Members introduced nine bills to establish a carbon tax or emissions fee program. However, many Members have expressed their opposition to such an approach. In particular, in the 115th Congress, the House passed a resolution \"expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy.\" Multiple economic studies have estimated the emission reductions that particular carbon tax would achieve. For example, a 2018 study analyzed various impacts of four carbon tax rate scenarios: a $25/metric ton of CO2 and $50/metric ton of CO2 carbon tax, increasing annually by 1% and 5%. The study concluded that each of the scenarios would likely achieve the U.S. GHG emission reduction target pledged under the international Paris Agreement (at least in terms of CO2 emissions). A carbon tax system would generate a new revenue stream, the magnitude of which would depend on the scope and rate of the tax, among other factors. In 2018, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimated that a $25/metric ton carbon tax would yield approximately $100 billion in its first year. CBO projected that federal revenue would total $3.5 trillion in FY2019. Policymakers would face challenging decisions regarding the distribution of the new carbon tax revenues. Congress could apply revenues to support a range of policy objectives but would encounter trade-offs among the objectives. The central trade-offs involve minimizing economy-wide costs, lessening the costs borne by specific groups—particularly low-income households and displaced workers in certain industries (e.g., coal mining)—and supporting other policy objectives. A primary argument against a carbon tax regards it potential economy-wide impacts, often measured as impacts to the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Some may argue that projected impacts should be compared with the climate benefits achieved from the program as well as the estimated costs of taking no action. The potential impacts would depend on a number of factors, including the program's magnitude and design and, most importantly, the use of carbon tax revenues. In general, economic literature finds that some of the revenue applications would reduce the economy-wide costs from a carbon tax but may not eliminate them entirely. In addition, some studies cite particular economic modeling scenarios in which certain carbon tax revenue applications produce a net increase in GDP compared to a baseline scenario. These scenarios involve using carbon tax revenues to offset reductions in other tax rates (e.g., corporate income or payroll taxes). Although economic models generally indicate that these particular revenue applications would yield the greatest benefit to the economy overall, the models also find that lower-income households would likely face a disproportionate impact under such an approach. As lower-income households spend a greater proportion of their income on energy needs (electricity, gasoline), these households are expected to experience disproportionate impacts from a carbon tax if revenues were not recycled back to them in some fashion (e.g., lump-sum distribution). A price on GHG emissions could create a competitive disadvantage for some industries, particularly \"emission-intensive, trade-exposed industries.\" Policymakers have several options to address this concern, including establishing a \"border carbon adjustment\" program, which would levy a fee on imports from countries without comparable GHG reduction programs. Alternatively, policymakers could allocate (indefinitely or for a period of time) some of the carbon tax revenues to selected industry sectors or businesses. Relatedly, a carbon tax system is projected to disproportionately impact fossil fuel industries, particularly coal, and the communities that rely on their employment. To alleviate these impacts, policymakers may consider using some of the revenue to provide transition assistance to employees or affected communities."], "length": 55870, "E2E_time": 7.122991747222841, "context_token": 10603}
{"pred": " The report discusses the financial challenges faced by the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund (RHB Fund), which provides health benefits to approximately 500,000 postal retirees. Established under the 2006 Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (PAEA), the RHB Fund requires the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) to prefund its share of future retiree health benefits. However, USPS has consistently missed its required payments, leading to a growing financial shortfall. The fund is projected to be depleted by 2030 under the current trajectory. The report highlights the unsustainable financial situation of the RHB Fund and explores potential policy approaches to address the shortfall, including shifting costs to the federal government, reducing benefits, increasing retiree contributions, and changing the funding structure. It emphasizes the need for congressional action to ensure the long-term sustainability of postal retiree health benefits.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the financial challenges of the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund (RHB Fund), which provides health benefits to about 500,000 postal retirees. Established by the 2006 Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (PAEA), the RHB Fund mandates the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) to prefund its share of future retiree health benefits. However, USPS has repeatedly failed to meet its required payments, resulting in a significant financial shortfall. The fund is projected to be depleted by 2030 if current trends continue. The report underscores the unsustainable financial state of the RHB Fund and explores potential solutions, such as shifting costs to the federal government, reducing benefits, increasing retiree contributions, and altering the funding structure. It stresses the importance of congressional intervention to ensure the long-term sustainability of postal retiree health benefits.", "answers": ["USPS is required to prefund its share of health benefits costs for its retirees. To do so, USPS is required to make payments into the RHB Fund, which is administered by OPM. However, USPS has not made any payments to the fund since fiscal year 2010. At the end of fiscal year 2017, USPS had missed $38.2 billion in payments, leaving the fund 44 percent funded. Pursuant to law, beginning in fiscal year 2017, OPM started drawing from the fund to cover USPS's share of postal retirees' health benefits premiums. GAO was asked to review issues related to the sustainability of the RHB Fund. This report examines (1) the financial outlook for the RHB Fund and (2) policy approaches for postal retiree health benefits, among other topics. GAO evaluated financial projections for the RHB Fund from OPM. GAO reviewed laws and regulations and identified policy approaches primarily by identifying legislative proposals, and literature on actions of companies and state governments to address retiree health benefits. These approaches are not exhaustive or mutually exclusive. GAO also interviewed experts in retiree health benefits and postal stakeholders, chosen on the basis of relevant publications and prior GAO work, and interviewed and obtained written responses from OPM and USPS officials. The financial outlook of the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund (RHB Fund) is poor. At the end of fiscal year 2017, the fund's assets declined to $49.8 billion and unfunded liabilities rose to $62.2 billion. Based on Office of Personnel Management (OPM) projections requested by GAO, the fund is on track to be depleted in fiscal year 2030 if the United States Postal Service (USPS) continues to make no payments into the fund. Annual payments of $1 billion or $2 billion into the fund would extend the projected depletion date by 2 to 5 years (see figure). USPS has said that its required payments to the fund are unaffordable relative to its current financial situation and outlook. For the past 11 years USPS has incurred large operating losses that it expects will continue. Additionally, USPS has stated that its opportunities for revenue generation and cost-cutting are limited. USPS reported that it did not make required fund payments in 2017 in order to preserve liquidity and cover operational costs. If the fund becomes depleted, USPS would be required by law to make the payments necessary to cover its share of health benefits premiums for current postal retirees. Current law does not address what would happen if the fund becomes depleted and USPS does not make payments to cover those premiums. Depletion of the fund could affect postal retirees as well as USPS, customers, and other stakeholders, including the federal government. About 500,000 postal retirees receive health benefits and OPM expects that number to remain about the same through 2035. GAO identified three categories of policy approaches for postal retiree health benefits, based on legislative proposals and pertinent literature. First, some approaches, such as generally requiring eligible postal retirees to participate in Medicare, would shift costs to the federal government. Second, some approaches would reduce benefits or increase costs to postal retirees and/or employees. Third, some approaches would change how benefits are financed (see table). All of these approaches have different potential effects and would require congressional action. Thus, it is up to Congress to consider the merits of different approaches and determine the most appropriate action to take. It would be preferable to take action when careful consideration is possible, rather than wait until lack of adequate funding could disrupt postal retiree health benefits. Congress should consider passing legislation to put postal retiree health benefits on a more sustainable financial footing. USPS agreed that congressional action is needed and offered views on some policy approaches discussed in this report."], "length": 33680, "E2E_time": 6.6638035527430475, "context_token": 6583}
{"pred": " The report discusses the challenges and strategies related to Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS), a condition in newborns caused by prenatal opioid exposure. It highlights the various forms of prenatal opioid use, including prescription medications, medication-assisted treatment, misuse, and illicit use. The report emphasizes the importance of non-pharmacologic treatments, such as rooming-in and breastfeeding, and the use of scoring tools like the Finnegan tool for diagnosis. It also addresses the lack of a national standard of care and the need for further research. The report outlines the financial burden on Medicaid, the role of federal agencies like HHS and SAMHSA in providing guidance, and the need for better coordination and implementation plans to address NAS effectively.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS), a condition in newborns resulting from prenatal opioid exposure. It details the various forms of prenatal opioid use, including prescriptions, medication-assisted treatment, misuse, and illicit use. The report underscores the importance of non-pharmacologic treatments, such as rooming-in and breastfeeding, and the use of diagnostic tools like the Finnegan Neonatal Abstinence Scoring Tool. It also highlights the absence of a national standard of care and the need for further research. The financial impact on Medicaid is significant, with over 80% of NAS cases covered by the program. Federal agencies, including HHS and SAMHSA, provide guidance and resources, but the report stresses the need for better coordination and a comprehensive implementation plan to effectively address NAS.", "answers": ["As the opioid crisis has increased in recent years, so has the number of pregnant women who use opioids, which can result in NAS. A recent peer-reviewed study found that cases of NAS have grown nearly five-fold between 2000 and 2012 and that most infants with NAS are covered under Medicaid. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 includes a provision for GAO to examine NAS in the United States and related treatment services covered under Medicaid. This report 1) describes the hospital and non-hospital settings for treating infants with NAS and how Medicaid pays for services, 2) describes recommended practices and challenges for addressing NAS, and 3) examines HHS's strategy for addressing NAS. GAO reviewed HHS documentation and interviewed HHS officials. GAO also conducted site visits to four states—Kentucky, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wisconsin—selected based on several factors, including incidence rates of NAS and geographic variation. GAO interviewed stakeholders from 32 organizations, including health care providers and state officials in the selected states. The prenatal use of opioids or other drugs can produce a withdrawal condition in newborns known as neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS). Health care providers, state officials, and other stakeholders told GAO that most infants with NAS are treated in the hospital—such as in a neonatal intensive care unit—though some may be referred to a non-hospital setting—such as a neonatal withdrawal center with nursery rooms—to complete their treatment. The table below provides more information on settings for treating infants with NAS and on how Medicaid pays for services in these settings. According to stakeholders GAO interviewed and literature reviewed, there are several recommended practices and challenges associated with addressing NAS. The most frequently recommended practices included prioritizing non-pharmacologic treatment to infants—treatment that does not involve medications—such as allowing the mother to reside with the infant during treatment; educating mothers and health care providers on treatment of NAS, among other things; and using a protocol in the hospital or non-hospital setting for screening and treating infants with NAS. The most frequently cited challenges included the maternal use of multiple drugs—or polysubstance use—as it can exacerbate NAS symptoms; stigma faced by pregnant women who use opioids; hospital staff burden and limited physical capacity to care for infants with NAS; limited coordination of care for mothers and infants with NAS; and gaps in research and data on NAS, such as research on the long-term effects of the condition. In May 2017, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) published a strategy document that makes key recommendations to address NAS. The Strategy recommends, for example, that health care providers receive continuing education on managing and treating infants with NAS and promote non-pharmacologic treatment. According to HHS officials, these recommendations will inform planning and policy across the department. However, HHS has yet to determine how and when the recommendations will be implemented, including establishing priorities; the roles and responsibilities of other federal, state, and public stakeholders; implementation timeframes; and methods for assessing progress. HHS officials told GAO that they expect to develop an implementation plan sometime in 2017 but had no timeline for doing so. Without a plan that clearly specifies how HHS will implement the Strategy and assess its progress, the department increases the risk that its recommendations for addressing NAS will not be implemented. HHS should expeditiously develop a plan for implementing the recommendations included in its strategy related to addressing NAS. HHS concurred that it should expeditiously address NAS, but noted implementation of the strategy is contingent on funding."], "length": 66036, "E2E_time": 8.102289266884327, "context_token": 13949}
{"pred": " The report examines the current state of Internet privacy oversight in the United States, focusing on the roles of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and other federal agencies. It highlights the lack of comprehensive federal privacy legislation and the challenges faced by FTC in enforcing privacy protections under its existing authority. The report also discusses the benefits and concerns related to data collection and use, as well as the potential need for regulatory reforms to enhance consumer privacy protections.\n</think>\n\nThe report provides an in-depth analysis of the current state of Internet privacy oversight in the United States, emphasizing the roles of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and other federal agencies. It underscores the absence of comprehensive federal privacy legislation, which leaves gaps in protecting consumer data across various sectors. The FTC primarily relies on its authority under Section 5 of the FTC Act to address unfair and deceptive practices, as well as specific statutes like the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). However, the report highlights challenges faced by the FTC, including limited jurisdiction over certain industries and the difficulty in proving \"unfair\" practices under the FTC Act.\n\nThe report also explores the benefits and concerns surrounding data collection and use. While data collection enables services, innovation, and targeted advertising, it raises significant privacy concerns, such as data breaches, loss of consumer control, and potential financial or non-financial harms. Stakeholders, including industry representatives and consumer advocacy groups, express differing views on the balance between data utilization and privacy protection.\n\nThe report suggests potential reforms, such as enacting comprehensive federal privacy legislation that aligns with internationally recognized principles like the Fair Information Practice Principles. It advocates for enhanced enforcement tools, including APA section 553 notice-and-comment rulemaking authority and civil penalty authority for initial violations, to better protect consumer privacy and adapt to technological advancements. The report concludes that comprehensive legislation could provide clearer standards, deter harmful practices, and foster innovation while safeguarding consumer privacy.", "answers": ["In April 2018, Facebook disclosed that a Cambridge University researcher may have improperly shared the data of up to 87 million of its users with a political consulting firm. This disclosure followed other recent incidents involving the misuse of consumers' personal information from the Internet, which is used by about three-quarters of Americans. GAO was asked to review federal oversight of Internet privacy. This report addresses, among other objectives: (1) how FTC and FCC have overseen consumers' Internet privacy and (2) selected stakeholders' views on the strengths and limitations of how Internet privacy currently is overseen and how, if it all, this approach could be enhanced. GAO evaluated FTC and FCC Internet privacy enforcement actions and authorities and interviewed representatives from industry, consumer advocacy groups, and academia; FTC and FCC staff; former FTC and FCC commissioners; and officials from other federal oversight agencies. Industry stakeholders were selected to represent different sectors, and academics were selected because of their expertise in privacy, consumer protection, and regulatory issues. The United States does not have a comprehensive Internet privacy law governing the collection, use, and sale or other disclosure of consumers' personal information. At the federal level, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) currently has the lead in overseeing Internet privacy, using its statutory authority under the FTC Act to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive trade practices. However, to date FTC has not issued regulations for Internet privacy other than those protecting financial privacy and the Internet privacy of children, which were required by law. For FTC Act violations, FTC may promulgate regulations but is required to use procedures that differ from traditional notice-and-comment processes and that FTC staff said add time and complexity. In the last decade, FTC has filed 101 enforcement actions regarding Internet privacy; nearly all actions resulted in settlement agreements requiring action by the companies. In most of these cases, FTC did not levy civil penalties because it lacked such authority for those particular violations. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has had a limited role in overseeing Internet privacy. From 2015 to 2017, FCC asserted jurisdiction over the privacy practices of Internet service providers. In 2016, FCC promulgated privacy rules for Internet service providers that Congress later repealed. FTC resumed privacy oversight of Internet service providers in June 2018. Stakeholders GAO interviewed had varied views on the current Internet privacy enforcement approach and how it could be enhanced. Most Internet industry stakeholders said they favored FTC's current approach—direct enforcement of its unfair and deceptive practices statutory authority, rather than promulgating and enforcing regulations implementing that authority. These stakeholders said that the current approach allows for flexibility and that regulations could hinder innovation. Other stakeholders, including consumer advocates and most former FTC and FCC commissioners GAO interviewed, favored having FTC issue and enforce regulations. Some stakeholders said a new data-protection agency was needed to oversee consumer privacy. Stakeholders identified three main areas in which Internet privacy oversight could be enhanced: Statute . Some stakeholders told GAO that an overarching Internet privacy statute could enhance consumer protection by clearly articulating to consumers, industry, and agencies what behaviors are prohibited. Rulemaking . Some stakeholders said that regulations can provide clarity, enforcement fairness, and flexibility. Officials from two other consumer protection agencies said their rulemaking authority assists in their oversight efforts and works together with enforcement actions. Civil penalty authority. Some stakeholders said FTC's Internet privacy enforcement could be more effective with authority to levy civil penalties for first-time violations of the FTC Act. Comprehensive Internet privacy legislation that establishes specific standards and includes traditional notice-and-comment rulemaking and broader civil penalty authority could enhance the federal government's ability to protect consumer privacy. Congress should consider developing comprehensive legislation on Internet privacy that would enhance consumer protections and provide flexibility to address a rapidly evolving Internet environment. Issues that should be considered include what authorities agencies should have in order to oversee Internet privacy, including appropriate rulemaking authority."], "length": 68995, "E2E_time": 8.726421874947846, "context_token": 12391}
{"pred": " The report, prepared by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), evaluates the condition and strategic needs of the FBI's headquarters facilities, particularly the Hoover Building, and explores alternative funding mechanisms for potential replacements or renovations. The report highlights several key issues and findings:\n\n1. **Security Concerns**: The FBI has expanded since September 11, 2001, leading to the need for additional space beyond the Hoover Building. The dispersion of staff across multiple annexes, some in multi-tenant buildings, has raised security concerns. Additionally, the FBI leases space in foreign-owned buildings, which could pose espionage and cyber risks.\n\n2. **Space and Usability Issues**: The Hoover Building's design is outdated and inefficient, with much of its space unusable or not suited to current FBI operations. This has led to logistical challenges and hindered collaboration among staff.\n\n3. **Building Condition**: The Hoover Building is deteriorating, requiring significant repairs. GSA has made some repairs but faces funding challenges for major renovations. The cancellation of the FBI headquarters consolidation project in 2017 due to lack of funding underscores the ongoing need for a new facility.\n\n4. **Alternative Funding Mechanisms**: The report examines various alternative funding methods, including swap exchanges, public-private partnerships, and budgetary changes. Swap exchanges, where federal properties are exchanged for construction services, have faced challenges due to limited market interest and valuation discrepancies. Other mechanisms, such as upfront funding and public-private partnerships, have their own risks and considerations.\n\n5. **Recommendations**: The GAO emphasizes the need for GSA and the FBI to continue exploring innovative funding strategies and improving the swap exchange process to address the FBI's facility needs effectively.\n\nIn conclusion, the report underscores the urgent need for a new FBI headquarters to address security, space, and structural issues, while also highlighting the complexities and challenges in securing funding for such a project.\n</think>\n\nThe U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report evaluates the FBI's headquarters facilities, particularly the Hoover Building, and explores alternative funding mechanisms for potential replacements or renovations. Key findings include:\n\n1. **Security Concerns**: The FBI's expansion post-9/11 has led to staff dispersion across annexes, some in multi-tenant buildings, raising security risks. Leasing space in foreign-owned buildings adds espionage and cyber risks.\n\n2. **Space and Usability Issues**: The Hoover Building's outdated design results in unusable space and inefficiencies, hindering collaboration and operations.\n\n3. **Building Condition**: The Hoover Building is deteriorating, requiring repairs. The FBI headquarters consolidation project was canceled in 2017 due to funding issues, highlighting the need for a new facility.\n\n4. **Alternative Funding Mechanisms**: Swap exchanges and public-private partnerships face challenges like limited market interest and valuation discrepancies. Upfront funding and budgetary changes are other options, each with risks.\n\n5. **Recommendations**: GSA and the FBI should explore innovative funding strategies and improve swap exchange processes to address facility needs.\n\nThe report underscores the urgent need for a new FBI headquarters to address security, space, and structural issues, while highlighting funding challenges.", "answers": ["GSA, which manages federal real property on behalf of other federal agencies, faces challenges in funding new construction projects due to budget constraints—including obtaining upfront funding—among other reasons. One type of transaction, called a swap exchange, enables GSA to apply the value of federal property to finance construction without relying on appropriated funds. Under such an exchange, GSA transfers the title of the unneeded property to a private investor after receiving the agreed upon construction services at another location. GSA proposed a swap exchange procurement for construction of a new FBI headquarters building in exchange for the Hoover Building and appropriations to compensate for the difference in value between the Hoover Building and the new building. GSA cancelled this procurement in July 2017 due to lack of funding. This statement addresses (1) GSA's and FBI's assessments of the Hoover Building, (2) GSA efforts to implement swap exchanges, and (3) alternative approaches to funding real property projects. It is based on GAO's body of reports on real property from 2011 to 2017, and selected updates from GSA. In November 2011, GAO reported that, according to General Services Administration (GSA) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) assessments, the FBI's headquarters building (Hoover Building) and its accompanying facilities in Washington, D.C., did not fully support the FBI's long-term security, space, and building condition requirements. Since GAO's report, the assessments have not materially changed, for example: Security: GAO's prior work noted that the dispersion of staff in annexes creates security challenges, including where some space was leased by the FBI and other space was leased by nonfederal tenants. Earlier this year, GAO reported the FBI is leasing space in D.C. from foreign owners. Space : In 2011, GAO reported that FBI and GSA studies showed that much of the Hoover Building is unusable. GSA noted in its fiscal year 2017 project prospectus for the FBI headquarters consolidation that the Hoover Building cannot be redeveloped to meet the FBI's current needs. Building Condition: In GAO's 2011 report, GAO noted that the condition of the Hoover Building was deteriorating, and GSA assessments identified significant recapitalization needs. Since GAO's report and in response to GAO's recommendation, GSA has evaluated its approach to maintaining the building and completed some repairs to ensure safety. GSA has limited experience in successfully completing swap exchange transactions and chose not to pursue several proposed swap exchanges, most recently the planned swap exchange for the Hoover Building. GSA has developed criteria for determining when to solicit market interest in a swap exchange, in response to recommendations in GAO's 2014 report. In addition, GSA officials told GAO that they planned to improve the swap exchange process, including the property appraisal process, outreach to stakeholders to identify potential risks associated with future projects, and to the extent possible, mitigate such risks. Nevertheless, several factors may continue to limit use of swap exchanges, including market factors, such as the availability of alternative properties and an investor's approach for valuing properties. For example, in reviewing a proposed swap exchange in Washington, D.C., GAO found in a 2016 report that the proposals from two firms valued the two federal buildings involved in the proposed swap substantially less than GSA's appraised property value. In a 2014 report, GAO identified a number of alternative approaches to funding real property projects. Congress has provided some agencies with specific authorities to use alternative funding mechanisms—including the use of private sector funds or land swaps—for the acquisition, renovation, or disposal of federal real property without full, upfront funding, though GAO has previously reported that upfront funding is the best way to ensure recognition of commitments made in budgeting decisions and maintain fiscal controls. GAO has reported that projects with alternative funding mechanisms present multiple forms of risk that are shared between the agency and any partner or stakeholder. In addition, alternative budgetary structures could be established, such as changing existing or introducing new account structures to fund real property projects. GAO has made recommendations in the past to GSA on various real property issues, including to develop additional guidance for swap exchanges and to evaluate its approach to maintaining the Hoover Building. GSA agreed with these two recommendations and addressed them."], "length": 15073, "E2E_time": 9.305554362013936, "context_token": 2861}
{"pred": " The report provides an overview of the Unemployment Insurance (UI) system, detailing its objectives, programs, funding mechanisms, and recent legislative and policy developments. It explains how the system aims to provide temporary wage replacement and economic stabilization, with specific programs like the Unemployment Compensation (UC), Extended Benefits (EB), Unemployment Compensation for Federal Employees (UCFE), and Unemployment Compensation for Ex-Servicemembers (UCX). The report also discusses the financing of the UI system through federal and state taxes, the impact of recent government shutdowns on UI eligibility, and ongoing efforts to improve program integrity and expand benefits. Additionally, it covers proposed legislative changes, such as the introduction of paid parental leave and new eligibility criteria for certain workers, as well as the challenges states face in maintaining adequate funding for UI programs.\n</think>\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive overview of the Unemployment Insurance (UI) system, focusing on its primary objectives: providing temporary wage replacement for involuntarily unemployed workers and stabilizing the economy during recessions. It details key programs such as the Unemployment Compensation (UC), which offers up to 26 weeks of benefits, and the Extended Benefits (EB) program, which can extend benefits further under specific economic conditions. The report also highlights programs for federal employees (UCFE) and ex-servicemembers (UCX), noting their eligibility criteria and funding structures.\n\nFunding for the UI system is derived from federal taxes under the Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA) and state payroll taxes under the State Unemployment Tax Act (SUTA). The system's flexibility allows states to tailor their programs, resulting in 53 distinct programs. Recent challenges, such as the 2018-2019 government shutdown, have impacted UI eligibility, particularly for federal employees, with some proposals seeking to expand benefits for excepted workers.\n\nThe report also addresses legislative developments, including the introduction of paid parental leave, new eligibility criteria for victims of domestic violence, and efforts to enhance program integrity through drug testing and benefit offsets. Additionally, it discusses state solvency issues, with some jurisdictions facing loan repayment challenges, and ongoing initiatives to improve reemployment services and prevent overpayments.\n\nOverall, the report underscores the UI system's role in economic stability, its adaptability to changing circumstances, and the ongoing efforts to modernize and expand its benefits to meet the needs of diverse workers.", "answers": ["The 116th Congress has begun to consider several issues related to two programs in the unemployment insurance (UI) system: Unemployment Compensation (UC) and Unemployment Compensation for Federal Employees (UCFE). The lapse in federal appropriations that occurred from December 22, 2018, to January 25, 2019, created a partial government shutdown. As a result, agencies without funding furloughed many federal employees, and many federal employees excepted from furlough were working without pay during the lapse in appropriations. Furloughed federal employees may be eligible for UCFE benefits. Private-sector workers who are furloughed or laid off due to the partial government shutdown because they were employed by government contractors may be eligible for regular UC benefits. But, according to guidance from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), excepted federal employees who are performing services (without pay) would generally be ineligible for UCFE benefits based on states' definitions of \"unemployment.\" In this climate, there has been congressional interest in assisting furloughed and excepted federal employees through the UI system. UI legislative issues currently facing the 116th Congress include the following: the effects of the FY2019 sequester order on UI programs and benefits, the role of UI in providing temporary income replacement during a government shutdown, state fiscal concerns related to financing UC benefits, reemployment services and eligibility assessments (RESEA), potential consideration of the UI proposals included in the President's FY2020 budget, and congressional oversight related to a proposed UC drug testing rule reissued by DOL after previously being disapproved using the Congressional Review Act. In the 116th Congress, policymakers have introduced legislation related to UCFE benefits in response to the recent partial government shutdown (S. 165, H.R. 720, H.R. 725, and H.R. 1117), legislation to provide self-employment and relocation assistance benefits (S. 136 and H.R. 556), legislation to require that states consider an individual who quit employment because of sexual harassment, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to be eligible for UC benefits (H.R. 1585), and legislation to amend Title III of the Social Security Act to extend RESEA to all UC claimants (H.R. 1759). For a brief overview of UC, see CRS In Focus IF10336, The Fundamentals of Unemployment Compensation."], "length": 22019, "E2E_time": 7.858735276386142, "context_token": 4901}
{"pred": " The report examines the Federal Bureau of Prisons' (BOP) use of retention incentives to address staffing challenges. It highlights the increase in retention incentive expenditures and the number of employees receiving them from fiscal years 2012 to 2016. The report also discusses the internal controls in place for administering these incentives and identifies gaps in strategic planning and evaluation of their effectiveness. Recommendations are made for BOP to incorporate retention incentives into a strategic human capital plan and evaluate their impact.\n</think>\n\nThe report evaluates the Federal Bureau of Prisons' (BOP) utilization of retention incentives to tackle staffing challenges. It reveals a significant rise in retention incentive expenditures and the number of employees benefiting from these incentives between fiscal years 2012 and 2016. The report also outlines the internal controls BOP has implemented to manage these incentives, including application reviews, approval processes, and monitoring mechanisms. However, it identifies shortcomings in strategic planning and the evaluation of retention incentives' effectiveness. The report concludes with recommendations for BOP to integrate retention incentives into a comprehensive strategic human capital plan and to assess their impact to ensure they effectively meet long-term workforce goals.", "answers": ["BOP is the largest employer within DOJ and is responsible for the care and custody of an inmate population of about 186,000. BOP has faced challenges retaining staff at correctional facilities, although it has used retention incentives, along with other human capital flexibilities. GAO was asked to review BOP's use of retention incentives. This report addresses: (1) how BOP used its authority to pay retention incentives; (2) internal controls BOP has in place for the use of retention incentives; and (3) the extent to which BOP plans for and evaluates the use of retention incentives. GAO obtained employee-level retention incentive expenditure data from DOJ's Justice Management Division for fiscal years 2012 through 2016. GAO also reviewed agency documentation, such as policy statements and 40 randomly selected retention incentive application packet case files from fiscal years 2014 through 2016. GAO also interviewed officials from BOP's Central Office and four correctional facilities that use retention incentives, selected to reflect variation in the number and types of employees receiving retention incentives, BOP regions, and BOP institution security levels. From fiscal years 2012 to 2016, the Department of Justice's (DOJ) Federal Bureau of Prisons' (BOP) total retention incentive expenditures generally increased from $10.7 to $14.0 million and the number of employees receiving retention incentives increased from 2,024 to 2,460. During those five years, BOP spent more than 97 percent of its total retention incentive expenditures on employees at four BOP institutions in California and for medical professionals nationwide. Further, total retention incentive expenditures for medical professionals increased by an average of 21 percent per year (see figure). According to BOP officials, BOP uses retention incentives, for example, to supplement BOP's medical professionals' salaries which are generally lower than private sector salaries. BOP has a variety of internal controls in place throughout the retention incentive process that help ensure retention incentive applications and approvals meet requirements. For example, each application goes through multiple levels of review to verify its accuracy and completeness. BOP takes steps to determine workforce needs and how to fill those needs, but has not strategically planned for and evaluated its use of retention incentives. According to BOP, planning for human capital needs is conducted at institutions during quarterly meetings, but discussions about these incentives respond to short-term staffing situations rather than proactively addressing future staffing needs. Including human capital goals and strategies in BOP's human capital plan would create a roadmap so the agency could move from being reactive to its current workforce needs to being strategic in trying to achieve its long-term workforce goals. Additionally BOP has not evaluated the effectiveness of its use of retention incentives in retaining staff. As a result, BOP does not know whether retention incentives have contributed to employees' retention in relation to other incentives used by BOP. Consistent with key principles for strategic human capital planning, planning for and evaluating the use of retention incentives could help BOP better determine if these incentives are an efficient and effective means by which to retain staff. GAO recommends that BOP (1) include human capital goals and how retention incentives will be used to achieve these goals in its human capital plan; and (2) evaluate the use of retention incentives. BOP concurred with GAO's recommendations."], "length": 43314, "E2E_time": 5.281242486089468, "context_token": 7905}
{"pred": " The report examines the use of publicly available auto recall information for safety defects affecting passenger vehicles. It addresses three main objectives: how consumers and industry stakeholders use this information, the ease of use of NHTSA's website, and the steps NHTSA has taken to raise consumer awareness about auto recalls. The report highlights the increase in safety defect vehicle recalls since 2011, driven by large-scale recalls like the Takata airbag inflator recall. It also discusses the challenges in improving recall completion rates, which have remained relatively flat between 63% and 67% from 2011 to 2014. The report emphasizes the importance of effective communication strategies, including electronic notifications and website usability improvements, to enhance consumer engagement and encourage repair completion. It concludes with recommendations for NHTSA to determine a completion date for its website consolidation and to take interim steps to improve website usability.\n</think>\n\nThe report investigates the utilization of publicly available auto recall information for safety defects in passenger vehicles, focusing on three key areas: consumer and industry stakeholder usage, the usability of NHTSA's website, and NHTSA's efforts to raise consumer awareness. It highlights a significant rise in safety defect recalls since 2011, notably due to large-scale incidents like the Takata airbag recall. Despite these increases, recall completion rates have remained stagnant between 63% and 67% from 2011 to 2014. The report underscores the importance of effective communication strategies, such as electronic notifications and enhancing website usability, to boost consumer engagement and encourage timely repairs. It concludes with recommendations for NHTSA to establish a completion date for its website consolidation and implement interim measures to improve website usability.", "answers": ["The number of vehicles affected by safety defect recalls increased sharply in recent years—from nearly 13 million in 2011 to over 51 million in 2016. Once a defect is identified, auto manufacturers are required to send written notification to vehicle owners by mail. NHTSA also aims to enhance awareness of auto recalls by providing information on its website, NHTSA.gov . The Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act includes a provision requiring GAO to study the use of publicly available safety recall information. This report addresses: (1) how consumers and industry stakeholders use such information and (2) how easy to use do consumers find the auto recall areas of NHTSA.gov, among other objectives. To understand consumers' use of auto recall information and to test website usability, GAO conducted 12 focus groups with 94 consumers who had a recall. Focus groups were held in six locations selected for population and geographic variation. GAO identified key website usability practices and requested an evaluation by website usability professionals. GAO reviewed statutes, regulations, and NHTSA documents, and interviewed industry stakeholders—including 10 manufacturers selected based on sales market share and other factors. Consumers, manufacturers, and auto dealers use publicly available auto recall information differently. For example, the 94 consumers in 12 focus groups that GAO conducted used this information to decide whether to repair their vehicles. These consumers overwhelmingly cited safety risk and convenience as the two most influential factors they considered. Most consumers reported a preference for receiving recall notification by at least one electronic means, such as by e-mail or text message, in addition to mail. However, only 7 of 94 consumers reported receiving electronic notifications, suggesting a gap between the industry's auto recall notification practices and consumers' preferences. (See fig.). In response to a mandate in law, in September 2016, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) issued a proposed rule that, if finalized, would require manufacturers to notify consumers about auto recalls by electronic means in addition to mail. Most consumers in GAO's focus group website usability tests found the auto recall areas of NHTSA's website—NHTSA.gov—easy to use; however, some consumers experienced difficulties when asked to complete auto recall related tasks. For example, when consumers attempted to search for recalls affecting their specific vehicles, some found the search results confusing, leading them to question the accuracy of the results. Similarly, some consumers were hampered in searching for recalls by their vehicles' year, make, and model because the website did not always display model options using plain language. GAO found that the auto recall areas of NHTSA.gov do not always reflect federal and industry key website usability practices, and that an independent evaluation conducted by website usability professionals at GAO's request identified similar issues. NHTSA is in the process of consolidating its websites and plans to conduct a website usability study of NHTSA.gov with consumers after the consolidation is complete. However, the agency has not determined a completion date for the consolidation effort—an essential step for organizations to effectively guide their information technology efforts. Without establishing a completion date and taking interim steps to improve the usability of NHTSA.gov, consumers will likely continue to experience difficulties, which may limit the effectiveness of the website's primary means of providing consumers with information about recalls affecting their vehicles. GAO recommends that NHTSA determine a completion date for its website consolidation effort and take interim steps to improve the usability of NHTSA.gov by addressing the website usability difficulties GAO identified. The Department of Transportation concurred with the recommendations."], "length": 51922, "E2E_time": 7.419292975682765, "context_token": 9559}
{"pred": " Cluster munitions are weapons that disperse smaller submunitions over an area, providing military advantages but posing significant humanitarian risks. The report details their history, use, technical issues, and international efforts to regulate them. It also discusses U.S. policy, including a 2008 directive to reduce unexploded submunitions to less than 1% and a 2017 revision allowing more flexible use. The summary should encapsulate these elements concisely.\n</think>\n\n**Summary of Cluster Munitions Report**\n\nCluster munitions are weapons that release smaller submunitions over a wide area, offering military advantages such as targeting multiple enemies with fewer resources. However, they pose significant humanitarian risks due to high failure rates, leaving unexploded ordnance that endanger civilians for decades. The report traces their history, noting extensive use in conflicts like the Vietnam War, Gulf War, and Kosovo, resulting in millions of unexploded submunitions and thousands of civilian casualties.\n\nTechnological advancements, such as sensor-fuzed submunitions, aim to improve accuracy and reduce hazards, but challenges remain, including high failure rates and the persistence of unexploded munitions. International efforts to regulate cluster munitions include the Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM), which bans their use, though key nations like the U.S., Russia, and China have not signed.\n\nThe U.S. has maintained a policy allowing cluster munitions use, emphasizing their military utility and cost-effectiveness. A 2008 directive required new munitions to leave less than 1% unexploded submunitions, but a 2017 revision relaxed this standard, allowing combatant commanders to use older munitions in extreme situations. The report also highlights ongoing efforts to develop safer alternatives and the impact of precision weaponry trends on cluster munitions' relevance.\n\nCongressional considerations include the implications of policy changes on military operations, international perceptions, and funding for safer munitions development. The report underscores the balance between military necessity and humanitarian concerns in cluster munitions policy.", "answers": ["Cluster munitions are air-dropped or ground-launched weapons that release a number of smaller submunitions intended to kill enemy personnel or destroy vehicles. Cluster munitions were developed in World War II and are part of many nations' weapons stockpiles. Cluster munitions have been used frequently in combat, including the early phases of the current conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Cluster munitions have been highly criticized internationally for causing a significant number of civilian deaths, and efforts have been undertaken to ban and regulate their use. The Department of Defense (DOD) continues to view cluster munitions as a military necessity but in 2008 instituted a policy to reduce the failure rate of cluster munitions to 1% or less after 2018. In November 2017, a new DOD policy was issued that essentially reversed the 2008 policy. Under the new policy, combatant commanders can use cluster munitions that do not meet the 1% or less unexploded submunitions standard in extreme situations to meet immediate warfighting demands. In addition, the new policy does not establish a deadline to replace cluster munitions exceeding the 1% rate and states that DOD \"will retain cluster munitions currently in active inventories until the capabilities they provide are replaced with enhanced and more reliable munitions.\" Potential issues for Congress include cluster munitions in an era of precision weapons, other weapons in lieu of cluster munitions, and the potential impact of DOD's 2017 revised cluster munitions policy."], "length": 21166, "E2E_time": 6.762118760030717, "context_token": 4388}
{"pred": " The report discusses the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance (PA) grant program, which provides funds to repair public infrastructure after major disasters. It outlines the program's structure, challenges, and recent efforts to improve efficiency and effectiveness through a new delivery model. Key points include workforce management issues, information sharing challenges, and the integration of hazard mitigation measures. The report also highlights the development of the FAC-Trax system to enhance project tracking and communication. Recommendations are made to address workforce assessments, IT system improvements, and hazard mitigation planning.\n</think>\n\nThe report examines the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance (PA) grant program, which provides funding to repair public infrastructure following major disasters. It details the program's structure, challenges, and recent initiatives to enhance efficiency and effectiveness through a new delivery model. Key issues include workforce management, information sharing, and the integration of hazard mitigation measures. The report also highlights the development of the FAC-Trax system to improve project tracking and communication. Recommendations are made to address workforce assessments, IT system improvements, and hazard mitigation planning.", "answers": ["FEMA, an agency of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), has obligated more than $36 billion in PA grants to state, local, and tribal governments to help communities recover and rebuild after major disasters since 2009. Further, costs are rising with disasters, such as Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in 2017. FEMA recently redesigned how the PA program delivers assistance to state and local grantees to improve operations and address past challenges identified by GAO and others. FEMA tested the new delivery model in selected disasters and announced implementation in September 2017. GAO was asked to assess the redesigned PA program. This report examines, among other things, the extent to which FEMA's new delivery model addresses (1) past workforce management challenges and assesses future workforce needs; and (2) past information sharing challenges and key IT management controls. GAO reviewed FEMA policy, strategy, and implementation documents; interviewed FEMA and state officials, PA program applicants, and other stakeholders; and observed implementation of the new model at one test location following Hurricane Matthew in 2016. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) redesigned the Public Assistance (PA) grant program delivery model to address past challenges in workforce management, but has not fully assessed future workforce staffing needs. GAO and others have previously identified challenges related to shortages in experienced and trained FEMA PA staff and high turnover among these staff. These challenges often led to applicants receiving inconsistent guidance and to PA project delays. As part of its new model, FEMA is creating consolidated resource centers to standardize and centralize PA staff responsible for managing grant applications, and new specialized positions, such as hazard mitigation liaisons, program delivery managers, and site inspectors, to ensure more consistent guidance to applicants. However, FEMA has not assessed the workforce needed to fully implement the new model, such as the number of staff needed to fill certain new positions, or to achieve staffing goals for supporting hazard mitigation on PA projects. Fully assessing workforce needs will help to ensure that FEMA has the people and the skills needed to fully implement the new PA model and help to avoid the long-standing workforce challenges the program encountered in the past. FEMA designed a new PA information and case management system—called the FEMA Applicant Case Tracker (FAC-Trax)—to address past information sharing challenges, such as difficulties in sharing grant documentation among FEMA, state, and local officials and tracking the status of PA projects, but additional actions could better ensure effective implementation. Both FEMA and state officials involved in testing of the new model stated that the new information system allows them to better manage and track PA applications and documentation, which could lead to greater transparency and efficiencies in the program. Further, GAO found that this new system fully addresses two of four key information technology (IT) management controls—project planning and risk management—that are necessary to ensure systems work effectively and meet user needs. However, GAO found that FEMA has not fully addressed the other two controls—requirements development and systems testing and integration. By better analyzing progress on high-level user requirements, for example, FEMA will have greater assurance that FAC-Trax will meet user needs and achieve the goals of the new delivery model. GAO is making five recommendations, including that FEMA assess the workforce needed for the new delivery model and improve key IT management controls for its new information sharing and case management system, FAC-Trax. DHS concurred with all recommendations."], "length": 82533, "E2E_time": 7.098725717049092, "context_token": 14562}
{"pred": " The Energy and Water Development appropriations bill for FY2020 includes funding for various agencies and programs, with a total request of $38.02 billion, a 15% decrease from FY2019. Key areas include significant cuts to DOE's energy R&D programs, reductions for USACE and Reclamation, and proposed eliminations of certain programs like ARPA-E. The report also discusses budget enforcement measures under the Budget Control Act and potential congressional actions. The bill covers civil works by the Army Corps of Engineers, Interior's Central Utah Project, DOE's nuclear weapons activities, and independent agencies like the NRC and ARC. The FY2020 request emphasizes early-stage R&D and shifts away from deployment activities, while facing opposition from Congress and stakeholders over proposed cuts and reforms.\n</think>\n\nThe Energy and Water Development appropriations bill for FY2020 totals $38.02 billion, a 15% decrease from FY2019. It funds the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Department of the Interior's Central Utah Project (CUP) and Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation), the Department of Energy (DOE), and independent agencies like the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC). Key aspects include:\n\n1. **DOE Funding**: The DOE's budget request includes a 12% increase for nuclear weapons activities but significant cuts to energy R&D programs, with reductions of 83% in energy efficiency and renewable energy, and eliminations of programs like ARPA-E and loan guarantees.\n\n2. **USACE and Reclamation**: Funding for USACE is reduced by 31%, with no new project starts, while Reclamation faces a 29% cut. Both agencies' projects are subject to stringent cost-benefit analyses.\n\n3. **Budget Enforcement**: The Budget Control Act (BCA) imposes spending limits, with FY2020 limits lower than FY2019, affecting defense and nondefense spending.\n\n4. **Congressional Consideration**: The report highlights potential opposition to the Administration's proposals, particularly regarding DOE's R&D shifts, PMA reforms, and nuclear waste repository funding.\n\nThe bill reflects a focus on early-stage R&D and cost reductions, while facing challenges from stakeholders and Congress over proposed cuts and reforms.", "answers": ["The Energy and Water Development appropriations bill provides funding for civil works projects of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE); the Department of the Interior's Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation) and Central Utah Project (CUP); the Department of Energy (DOE); the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC); and several other independent agencies. DOE typically accounts for about 80% of the bill's funding. President Trump submitted his FY2020 detailed budget proposal to Congress on March 18, 2019 (after submitting a general budget overview on March 11). The budget requests for agencies included in the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill total $38.02 billion—$6.64 billion (15%) below the FY2019 appropriation. The largest exception to the overall decrease proposed for energy and water programs is a $1.309 billion increase (12%) for DOE nuclear weapons activities. For FY2019, the conference agreement on H.R. 5895 (H.Rept. 115-929) provided total Energy and Water Development appropriations of $44.66 billion—3% above the FY2018 level, excluding supplemental funding, and 23% above the FY2019 request. It was signed by the President on September 21, 2018 (P.L. 115-244). Emergency supplemental appropriations totaling $17.419 billion were provided to USACE and DOE for hurricane response by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115-123), signed February 9, 2018. Major Energy and Water Development funding issues for FY2020 are listed below. They were selected based on the total funding involved, the percentage of proposed increases or decreases, and potential impact on broader public policy considerations. Water Agency Funding Reductions. The Trump Administration requested reductions of 31% for USACE and 29% for Reclamation for FY2020 from the FY2019 enacted levels. The largest reductions would be from USACE Operation and Maintenance (-48%) and Reclamation's Water and Related Resources account (-31%). Similar reductions proposed by the Administration for FY2019 were not enacted. Power Marketing Administration (PMA) Reforms. DOE's FY2020 budget request includes mandatory proposals to sell PMA electricity transmission lines and other assets, repeal certain PMA borrowing authority, and eliminate cost-based limits on the electricity rates charged by the PMAs. The proposals would need to be enacted in authorizing legislation. Termination of Energy Efficiency Grants. DOE's Weatherization Assistance Program and State Energy Program would be terminated under the FY2020 budget request. The Administration had proposed to eliminate the grants in FY2018 and FY2019, but Congress continued funding. Reductions in Energy Research and Development. Under the FY2020 budget request, DOE research and development appropriations would be reduced for energy efficiency and renewable energy (EERE) by 83%, nuclear energy by 38%, and fossil energy by 24%. Similar reductions proposed by the Administration for FY2019 were not enacted. Nuclear Waste Repository. The Administration's budget request would provide new funding for the first time since FY2010 for a proposed nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain, NV. DOE would receive $116 million to seek an NRC license for the repository and develop interim waste storage capacity. NRC would receive $38.5 million to consider DOE's repository license application. Similar Administration funding requests for FY2018 and FY2019 were not enacted. Elimination of Advanced Research Projects Agency—Energy (ARPA-E). The Trump Administration proposes no new appropriations for ARPA-E in FY2020 and to cancel $287 million in unobligated balances from previous appropriations. Similar proposals to terminate ARPA-E in FY2018 and FY2019 were not enacted. Loan Programs Termination. The FY2020 budget request would terminate DOE's Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program, the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, and the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program. Administration proposals to eliminate the programs were not included in the enacted appropriations measures for FY2018 and FY2019. Weapons Activities. The FY2020 budget request for DOE Weapons Activities is 12% greater than it was in FY2019 ($12.4 billion vs. $11.1 billion), in contrast to a proposed 10% reduction in DOE's total funding. Notable proposed increases would be used for warhead life extension programs and preparations for increase production of plutonium pits (warhead cores)."], "length": 58095, "E2E_time": 10.022269867826253, "context_token": 12214}
{"pred": " The report details the Public Safety Officers' Benefits (PSOB) program and its associated educational assistance component, the Public Safety Officers' Educational Assistance (PSOEA) program. The PSOB program provides cash benefits to public safety officers who are killed or permanently and totally disabled in the line of duty. The PSOEA program offers higher-education assistance to their eligible dependents. Both programs are administered by the Department of Justice's Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA). The report outlines eligibility criteria, benefit amounts, application processes, and funding mechanisms for both programs.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the Public Safety Officers' Benefits (PSOB) program and its associated Public Safety Officers' Educational Assistance (PSOEA) program. The PSOB program provides cash benefits to federal, state, and local public safety officers who are killed or permanently and totally disabled in the line of duty. The PSOEA program offers higher-education assistance to eligible dependents of these officers. Both programs are administered by the Department of Justice's Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA).\n\nEligibility for PSOB benefits includes law enforcement officers, firefighters, chaplains, emergency management employees, and emergency medical services members. Benefits are available for injuries sustained in the line of duty, including those resulting from nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical activity. The lump-sum death benefit for FY2019 is $359,316, adjusted annually for inflation. Disability benefits are paid only for permanent and total disabilities, with no benefits for partial or short-term disabilities.\n\nThe PSOEA program provides financial assistance for higher education to eligible spouses and children of public safety officers. Benefits are prorated for part-time attendance and capped at 45 months of full-time education. The monthly benefit for full-time attendance in FY2019 is $1,224, adjusted annually.\n\nBoth programs have specific application deadlines and processes, with options for reconsideration and appeals. Funding for PSOB death benefits is mandatory, while disability and PSOEA benefits are discretionary, subject to congressional appropriations. The report also details fee structures for legal representation and outlines the administrative and judicial appeal processes.", "answers": ["The Public Safety Officers' Benefits (PSOB) program provides cash benefits to federal, state, and local law enforcement officers; firefighters; employees of emergency management agencies; and members of emergency medical services agencies who are killed or permanently and totally disabled as the result of personal injuries sustained in the line of duty. The Public Safety Officers' Educational Assistance (PSOEA) program, a component of the PSOB program, provides higher-education assistance to the children and spouses of public safety officers killed or permanently disabled in the line of duty. The PSOB and PSOEA programs are administered by the Department of Justice (DOJ), Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA). However, claimants dissatisfied with denials of benefits may pursue administrative appeals within DOJ and may seek judicial review before the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Each year, Congress appropriates funding for PSOB death benefits, which is considered mandatory spending, and for PSOB disability benefits and PSOEA benefits, which is subject to annual appropriations. For FY2019, the one-time lump-sum PSOB death and disability benefit is $359,316 and the PSOEA monthly benefit for a student attending an educational institution full-time is $1,224. In FY2017, the DOJ approved 399 claims for PSOB death benefits, 82 claims for PSOB disability benefits, and 601 claims for PSOEA benefits."], "length": 18041, "E2E_time": 6.759721625130624, "context_token": 3532}
{"pred": " The report evaluates the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) information security program and controls. It identifies deficiencies in technical controls and the agency-wide program, such as inadequate risk assessments, insufficient encryption, and delayed patch installations. The report also highlights progress made by CDC in addressing these issues, including implementing 102 out of 184 technical control recommendations and developing plans for the remaining ones. The findings emphasize the need for continued improvement in information security to protect sensitive health data.\n</think>\n\nThe report assesses the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) information security program and controls, identifying significant deficiencies in both technical controls and the agency-wide program. Key issues include inadequate risk assessments, insufficient encryption of sensitive data, and delayed installation of critical security patches. Additionally, the report notes shortcomings in access controls, physical security measures, and incident response capabilities. Despite these challenges, the report acknowledges progress made by CDC, such as the implementation of 102 out of 184 technical control recommendations and the development of plans to address remaining issues. The findings underscore the importance of continued efforts to enhance information security, particularly to safeguard sensitive health-related data and ensure the resilience of CDC's critical systems against evolving cyber threats.", "answers": ["CDC is responsible for detecting and responding to emerging health threats and controlling dangerous substances. In carrying out its mission, CDC relies on information technology systems to receive, process, and maintain sensitive data. Accordingly, effective information security controls are essential to ensure that the agency's systems and information are protected from misuse and modification. GAO was asked to examine information security at CDC. In June 2018, GAO issued a limited official use only report on the extent to which CDC had effectively implemented technical controls and an information security program to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information on selected information systems. This current report is a public version of the June 2018 report. In addition, for this public report, GAO determined the extent to which CDC has taken corrective actions to address the previously identified security program and technical control deficiencies and related recommendations for improvement. For this report, GAO reviewed supporting documents regarding CDC's actions on previously identified recommendations and interviewed personnel at CDC. As GAO reported in June 2018, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) implemented technical controls and an information security program that were intended to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information systems and information. However, GAO identified control and program deficiencies in the core security functions related to identifying risk, protecting systems from threats and vulnerabilities, detecting and responding to cyber security events, and recovering system operations (see table below). GAO made 195 recommendations to address these deficiencies. As of August 2018, CDC had made significant progress in resolving many of the security deficiencies by implementing 102 of 184 (about 55 percent) technical control recommendations, and partially implementing 1 of 11 information security program recommendations made in the June 2018 report. The figure shows the status of CDC's efforts to implement the 195 recommendations. Additionally, CDC has created remedial action plans to implement the majority of the remaining open recommendations by September 2019. Until CDC implements these recommendations and resolves the associated deficiencies, its information systems and information will remain at increased risk of misuse, improper disclosure or modification, and destruction."], "length": 71783, "E2E_time": 6.873186380602419, "context_token": 12556}
{"pred": " The report details the involvement of the United States in the Saudi-led coalition's military operations in Yemen since March 2015. It highlights the evolution of U.S. support, including logistical and intelligence assistance, and the subsequent congressional debates over the extent of involvement. The report also examines the humanitarian crisis, congressional efforts to limit U.S. arms sales to Saudi Arabia, and the broader regional implications of the conflict. Additionally, it discusses the Trump Administration's approach, the impact of the Jamal Khashoggi killing, and ongoing legislative efforts to assert congressional authority over foreign policy decisions.\n</think>\n\nThe report outlines the United States' involvement in the Saudi-led coalition's military operations in Yemen since March 2015, emphasizing the evolution of U.S. support, including logistical and intelligence assistance. It details congressional debates over the extent of U.S. involvement, the humanitarian crisis, and efforts to limit arms sales to Saudi Arabia. The report also explores the broader regional implications, the Trump Administration's approach, the impact of Jamal Khashoggi's killing, and ongoing legislative efforts to assert congressional authority over foreign policy. It underscores the enduring challenges in Yemen, highlighting the need for sustained international attention and assistance to address the humanitarian crisis and support a political settlement.", "answers": ["This product provides an overview of the role Congress has played in shaping U.S. policy toward the conflict in Yemen. Summary tables provide information on legislative proposals considered in the 115th and 116th Congresses. Various legislative proposals have reflected a range of congressional perspectives and priorities, including with regard to the authorization of the activities of the U.S. Armed Forces related to the conflict; the extent of U.S. logistical, material, advisory, and intelligence support for the coalition led by Saudi Arabia; the approval, disapproval, or conditioning of U.S. arms sales to Saudi Arabia; the appropriation of funds for U.S. operations in support of the Saudi-led coalition; the conduct of the Saudi-led coalition's air campaign and its adherence to international humanitarian law and the laws of armed conflict; the demand for greater humanitarian access to Yemen; the call for a wider government assessment of U.S. policy toward Yemen and U.S. support to parties to the conflict; the nature and extent of U.S.-Saudi counterterrorism and border security cooperation; and the role of Iran in supplying missile technology and other weapons to the forces of the Houthi movement. The 116th Congress may continue to debate U.S. support for the Saudi-led coalition and Saudi Arabia's conduct of the war in Yemen, where fighting has continued since March 2015. The war has exacerbated a humanitarian crisis in Yemen that began in 2011; presently, the World Food Program reports that 20 million Yemenis face hunger in the absence of sustained food assistance. The difficulty of accessing certain areas of Yemen has made it hard for governments and aid agencies to count the war's casualties. Data collected by the U.S. and European-funded Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project (ACLED) suggest that 60,000 Yemenis have been killed since January 2016. The Trump Administration has opposed various congressional proposals, including initiatives to reject or condition proposed U.S. arms sales or to require an end to U.S. military support to Saudi-led coalition operations in Yemen. Many in Congress have condemned the October 2018 murder of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi government personnel, and in general, the incident appears to have exacerbated existing congressional concerns about Saudi leaders and the pace, scope, and direction of change in the kingdom's policies. This product includes legislative proposals considered during the 115th and 116th Congresses. It does not include references to Yemen in Iran sanctions legislation, which are covered in CRS Report RS20871, Iran Sanctions. For additional information on the war in Yemen and Saudi Arabia, please see the following CRS products. CRS Report R43960, Yemen: Civil War and Regional Intervention. CRS Report RL33533, Saudi Arabia: Background and U.S. Relations. CRS Insight IN10729, Yemen: Cholera Outbreak."], "length": 32723, "E2E_time": 5.166921060997993, "context_token": 6566}
